worry and anxiety.
a person who drops things they are carrying or trying to catch.
To overcome, quieten, or bring under control.
Frame around the neck, and related senses.
An adult castrated male of cattle (B. taurus).
An ethnic person, especially a foreigner or member of an immigrant community.
A removal, especially of a ruler or government, by force or threat of force.
To overturn from the foundation; to overthrow; to ruin utterly.
An act, instance of, or state of expansion or increase in size, especially by injection of a gas.
Not even or balanced; not the same on one side as on the other.
Something that thrills.
An efferent blood vessel from the heart, conveying blood away from the heart regardless of oxygenation status; see pulmonary artery.
A device for moving or compressing a liquid or gas.
To make dizzy or unsteady.
To narrow, especially by application of pressure.
Disordered in the head; dizzy or feeling faint; hence, flighty in mind; delirious.
Something that corrects or counteracts.
likely to experience a particular problem more often than is usual.
The sound produced by anything that creaks; a creaking.
a problem taken to a law court by an ordinary person or an organization rather than the police in order to obtain a legal decision.
To grow ripe; to become mature (said of grain, fruit, flowers etc.)
a disease in which the body cannot control the level of sugar in the blood.
Inflammation of a joint or joints causing pain and/or disability, swelling and stiffness, and due to various causes such as infection, trauma, degenerative changes or metabolic disorders.
To trust to the care of.
An electronic device used internally or externally that delivers a controlled electric shock to a patient to correct ventricular fibrillation, a lack of coordination of the contraction of muscle tissue of the large chambers of the heart.
A soldier in a small independent group, fighting against the government or regular forces by surprise raids.
One of several people who take up arms against the local state authority; a participant in insurgency.
A high military officer in a warlike nation.
Employees; office staff.
A hypodermic syringe, needle or injection
To be in freefall after jumping from an aircraft and landing safely by deploying a parachute.
A phrase expressing a basic truth which may be applied to common situations.
to move around and talk to other people at a social event.
to be able to accept an unpleasant idea or watch something unpleasant.
A serious criminal offense, which, under United States federal law, is punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year or by death.
a mountain with a large, flat top and steep sides, of the type found in the western and southwestern United States.
a narrow channel in the ground that is usually dry but becomes a stream after heavy rain.
Blood, especially that from a wound when thickened due to exposure to the air.
A dog, particularly a breed with a good sense of smell developed for hunting other animals.
Not allowing or affording rest.
slight uncontrolled movement or shaking, for example in electronic equipment.
A person who is paid to lobby politicians and encourage them to vote a certain way or otherwise use their office to effect a desired result.
Fluid that exits the body through pores in the skin usually due to physical stress and/or high temperature for the purpose of regulating body temperature and removing certain compounds from the circulation.
to make a hole or holes through something.
to make a hole in something using a tool.
that you consider to be strange and not acceptables.
to flow, or to make something flow, slowly in a thin stream.
Full of tiny pores that allow fluids or gasses to pass through.
A device with a mesh bottom to separate, in a granular material, larger particles from smaller ones, or to separate solid objects from a liquid.
Any smell, whether fragrant or offensive.
Darkness, dimness or obscurity.
to rise very quickly to a high level.
A tiny opening in the skin.
A smell; especially a pleasant spicy or fragrant one.
A tough material produced from the skin of animals, by tanning or similar process, used e.g. for clothing.
One who lives alone, or in solitude; an anchoret, hermit or recluse.
Any green, leafy plant, or parts thereof, used to flavour or season food.
A distinctive odour or smell.
to flow slowly and in small quantities through something or into something.
a situation that is disappointing because it happens at the end of something that was much more exciting, or because it is not as exciting as you expected.
A remedy to counteract the effects of poison (often followed by "against," "for," or "to").
evil and cruel.
Any organism or substance, especially a microorganism, capable of causing disease, such as bacteria, viruses, protozoa or fungi. Microorganisms are not considered to be pathogenic until they have reached a population size that is large enough to cause disease.
A straight, round stick, shaft, bar, cane, or staff.
loud.
To import or export, illicitly or by stealth, without paying lawful customs charges or duties
A freeway that is part of the Interstate Highway System.
To sell things, especially door to door or in insignificant quantities.
Cautious of danger; carefully watching and guarding against deception, trickery, and dangers; suspiciously prudent
One who attends; one who works with or watches over something.
An edict or law.
An open sore of the skin, eyes or mucous membrane, often caused by an initial abrasion and generally maintained by an inflammation and/or an infection.
That which tranquillizes or soothes.
to say a long list of things quickly and without stopping.
A mate, companion, or associate.
a man who acts violently, especially to commit a crime.
someone who behaves or thinks like everyone else, rather than being different
One who opposes another; one who works or takes a position against someone or something; one who attempts to stop the progress of someone or something.
The base or foot of a column, statue, vase, lamp.
A structure built for commemorative or symbolic reasons, or as a memorial; a commemoration.
A large painting, usually drawn on a wall.
A pinch; a tweak; a twitch.
Inflammation of a joint or joints causing pain and/or disability, swelling and stiffness, and due to various causes such as infection, trauma, degenerative changes or metabolic disorders.
A common man.
A headstone marking a person's grave.
connected with death and unpleasant things.
(chiefly in the plural) A narrow passage, especially a contracted part of a stream, lake, or sea; a strait connecting two bodies of water.
A public official who presides over an inquest into unnatural deaths, cases of treasure trove, and debris from shipwrecks.
An average person, usually male, of no particular distinction, skill, or education, often a working stiff or lucky stiff.
spoken or written words that have no meaning.
An elongated piece of wood or similar material, typically put to some use, for example as a wand or baton.
to get rid of something that is no longer useful or wanted, often using its parts in new ways.
a statement that makes something seem less important, impressive, serious, etc. than it really is.
A deliberate action aimed at weakening an enemy through subversion, obstruction, disruption, and/or destruction.
A short-range flow of water returning seaward from the waves breaking on the shore.
The amount of money taken as sales transacted in a given period.
That which remains when use or need is satisfied, or when a limit is reached; excess; overplus.
