Not appetizing
No Definitions Found
The killing of one person by another, whether premeditated or unintentional.
(usually in plural) A lesion caused by unrelieved pressure to any part of the body, especially portions over bony or cartilaginous areas, such as frequently develops on a person confined to a bed by infirmity.
The necrosis or rotting of flesh, usually caused by lack of blood supply.
A sequence of events.
An instance of plundering.
No Definitions Found
A traditional (prescientific) faith healer.
The act of burying; interment
A branching and bony structure on the head of deer, moose and elk, normally in pairs. They are grown and shed each year. (Compare with horn, which is generally not shed.)
Towards the source of a river.
A picture that represents a word or an idea.
A metallic or stony object or body that is the remains of a meteoroid.
A fine granular substance produced in flowers. Technically a collective term for pollen grains (microspores) produced in the anthers of flowering plants. (This specific usage dating from mid 18th century.)
An animal of the Amphibia; any four-legged vertebrate that does not have amniotic eggs, living both on land and in water.
An injury suffered as a result of freezing of some part of the body, typically fingers, toes or the nose.
A diversion or deviation from one's original route.
An area of decayed vegetation (particularly sphagnum moss) which forms a wet spongy ground too soft for walking; a marsh or swamp.
A young pig
A small space within a dwelling, usually alongside a kitchen, used for informal dining; a dining alcove or nook.
A small, flexible, magnetic disk for storage and retrieval of data.
The act or result of rolling, or state of being rolled.
The natural constitution, or physical structure, of a person.
An edge around something, especially when circular.
An intermediary or middleman.
To split from or to withdraw from membership of a political union, an alliance or an organisation.
A narrow opening such as a fissure or crack.
A narrow crack or fissure, as in a rock or wall.
A powdered substance produced by firing (calcining) calcium carbonate (limestone) and clay that develops strong cohesive properties when mixed with water. The main ingredient of concrete.
A large basket, usually with a cover, used for the packing and carrying of articles or small animals
A person or thing that tamps.
An order by the government prohibiting ships from leaving port.
(archaic except strewn) To distribute objects or pieces of something over an area, especially in a random manner.
A meal, especially one offered to a guest, consisting of whatever food is available.
A sea or lake voyage, especially one taken for pleasure.
Loss of appetite, especially as a result of disease.
A medicine or other agent to assist hearing.
Manner of walking or stepping; bearing or carriage while moving.
Confidence, pride.
A narrow hall or passage with rooms leading off it, as in a building or in a railway carriage.
A wild boar (Sus scrofa), the wild ancestor of the domesticated pig.
A moving disturbance, or undulation, in the surface of a fluid.
A piece of cloth designed to be worn around the waist.
A flexible branch or twig of a plant such as willow, used in weaving baskets and furniture
A table or similar flat-topped structure used for religious rites.
An ornament to be placed in the centre, as of a table, ceiling, etc.
Perfect happiness
A broad, well-paved and landscaped thoroughfare.
