The sensation of a sour taste.
The tree of the species Citrus paradisi, a hybrid of pomelo (Citrus maxima) and sweet orange.
Any inorganic material containing calcium, usually calcium oxide (quicklime) or calcium hydroxide (slaked lime).
Something nasty.
A noxious mixture of particulates and gases that is the result of urban air pollution.
Senses relating to cloth.
(heading) To incise, to cut into the surface of something.
An accumulation; an increase; a gradual development.
An aquatic blood-sucking annelid of class Hirudinea, especially Hirudo medicinalis.
A drug smoked or ingested for euphoric effect, cannabis.
An agreement to do or not do a particular thing.
A single elongated piece of a given material, roughly round in cross-section, often twisted with other fibers to form thread.
A drug or substance that counteracts the effects of a histamine. Commonly used to alleviate the symptoms of hay fever and other allergies.
(proper) The racemic freebase of 1-phenylpropan-2-amine; an equal parts mixture of levoamphetamine and dextroamphetamine in their pure amine forms.
Fluid; capable of flowing.
(of the eyes) reddened and inflamed because of congested blood vessels
A drug or chemical agent that causes dilation of the blood vessels thereby reducing blood pressure.
To provoke impatience, anger, or displeasure in.
Sediment or rock that is not native to its present location or is different from the surrounding material. Sometimes refers to ore or gems.
Any of the coronary vessels; a coronary artery or coronary vein.
The legal right to take care of something or somebody, especially children.
Strict; binding strongly; making strict requirements; restrictive; rigid; severe
The process of demolishing or destroying buildings or other structures.
The exercise of authority or power in a burdensome, cruel, or unjust manner.
Any substances applied to enhance the external color or texture of the skin, e.g. lipstick, eyeshadow, eyeliner; makeup.
A person skilled at carpentry, the trade of cutting and joining timber in order to construct buildings or other structures.
A weapon made of a curved piece of wood or other flexible material whose ends are connected by a string, used for shooting arrows.
A movement that twists or pulls violently; a tug.
A pincer-like gripping tool that multiplies the strength of the user's hand, often used for bending things.
An owner.
One who, or that which, bleaches.
To develop in detail or complexity
In a defiant manner.
A building, or a mass of machinery, used to produce refined products such as sugar, oil, or metals.
Building for housing monks or others who have taken religious vows
The act of granting; a bestowing or conferring; concession; allowance; permission.
The act of portraying.
A structural element resembling the hollow upper half of a sphere; a cupola
Of, relating to, or having melody.
Wrong or unjust
Injury or harm; the condition or measure of something not being intact.
One who becomes unable to pay his or her debts; an insolvent person.
Any of several fibrous mineral forms of magnesium silicate, used for fireproofing, electrical insulation, building materials, brake linings, chemical filters, suits, fireman's gloves, etc.
An obligation, debt or responsibility owed to someone.
A written or pictorial false statement which unjustly seeks to damage someone's reputation.
A chief support.
A member of a mob or Mafia
A toasted bread or cracker usually in the shape of a loose knot.
A round vessel or cask, of greater length than breadth, and bulging in the middle, made of staves bound with hoops, and having flat ends or heads. Sometimes applied to a similar cylindrical container made of metal, usually called a drum.
A maze-like structure built by Daedalus in Knossos, containing the Minotaur.
An author of novels.
A fashionably elegant person.
The part of a city between uptown and downtown
Slightly drunk, fuddled, staggering, foolish as a result of drinking alcoholic beverages
(Old English law) To make a tender of; to offer or tender.
A supply of anything wasted or exhausted; a reinforcement.
To give new life, energy or strength to someone or something; to revitalize
The main business part of a city or town, usually located at or near its center.
The track or indication marking the route followed by something that has passed, such as the footprints of animal on land or the contrail of an airplane in the sky.
To keep in possession or use.
The state of being deformed.
The space, often unfinished and with sloped walls, directly below the roof in the uppermost part of a house or other building, generally used for storage or habitation.
Broken into sharp or irregular points; uneven; not smooth; rough.
The use of "damn" as a curse.
The act of fainting, syncope.
A disease in sheep and cattle, caused by a tapeworm and marked by great nervousness or by dullness and stupor.
A partially free peasant of a low hereditary class, attached like a slave to the land owned by a feudal lord and required to perform labour, enjoying minimal legal or customary rights
The state of being enslaved or the practice of slavery.
A place where people go for recreation, especially one with facilities such as lodgings, entertainment, and a relaxing environment.
A contract which binds a person to work for another, under specified conditions, for a specified time (often as an apprentice).
To supply with inhabitants; to people.
To constrain someone by force or by social, moral or legal means.
In the manner of a slave; abject.
An utterance or gesture expressing greeting or honor towards someone, now especially a formal, non-verbal gesture made with the arms or hands in any of various specific positions.
The state of being blocked.
Any flat, thin piece of clay, ivory, metal, etc., used for ornament, or for painting pictures upon, as a dish, plate, slab, etc., hung upon a wall; also, a smaller decoration worn by a person, such as a brooch.
A misalignment of the upper and lower sets of teeth.
The staircase and landing or porch leading to the entrance of a residence.
To filter by passing through a screen.
Having the power or quality of deciding a question or controversy; putting an end to contest or controversy; final; conclusive.
The act of sending someone away.
A peak; the topmost point or surface, as of a mountain.
Disturbance or disruption.
Very large.
Rubble, wreckage, scattered remains of something destroyed.
A platform mounted on two shafts, or a more elaborate construction, designed to be carried by two (or more) people to transport one (in luxury models sometimes more) third person(s) or (occasionally in the elaborate version) a cargo, such as a religious idol.
The result of having been worn away or eroded, as by a glacier on rock or the sea on a cliff face.
The stem or main axis of a plant, which supports the seed-carrying parts.
The climbing plant that produces grapes.
A mason’s tool, used in spreading and dressing mortar, and breaking bricks to shape them.
A place where rubbish is placed.
The rabble; crowds; the common people.
Pompous, self-important and snobbish.
Snobbish, conceited; believing oneself to be better than others, usually because of abundant success; haughty; arrogant or egotistical.
A discoloured spot or area.
To request forcefully.
To strive in opposition; to contest; to dispute; to vie; to quarrel; to fight.
A small, simple one-storey dwelling or shelter, often with just one room, and generally built of readily available local materials.
A genre of riddles where the clues to the answer are descriptions or puns on its syllables, with a final clue to the whole.
(grammar) A verb, its necessary grammatical arguments, and any adjuncts affecting them.
A town's public square.
Of, pertaining to, or containing spice.
Having a sharp, pungent flavor
A bump left on the skin after having been stung.
A movement where a person spins round elegantly; a pirouette.
To deprive of nerve, force, or strength; to weaken; to enfeeble.
