A type or way of weaving.
(usually in the plural) Any material made of interlacing fibres, including carpeting and geotextiles.
A cup-shaped piece of laboratory equipment used to contain chemical compounds when heating them to very high temperatures.
An ongoing winner in a game or contest.
Strange, weird, fear-inspiring.
A field or pasture; a piece of land covered or cultivated with grass, usually intended to be mown for hay.
The act of grazing; a scratching or injuring lightly on passing.
A large or disorderly group of people; especially one bent on riotous or destructive action.
To put (something) down, to rest.
One who welds, or unites pieces of iron, etc., by welding.
An organism that is not an animal, especially an organism capable of photosynthesis. Typically a small or herbaceous organism of this kind, rather than a tree.
The flesh between the last rib and the hip; the side.
The abnormal hardening of body tissues, such as an artery.
Having an attitude or bearing that connotes respectability and poise.
First-rate; of the highest quality; exceptionally good.
A headwaiter.
One who brownnoses; one who sucks up; a bootlicker, ass-kisser, sycophant.
No Definitions Found
Receiving from someone's care what one has earlier entrusted to them. Usually refers to money.
A single action of sweeping.
A portable percussive power tool that combines a hammer and chisel used to drill or break hard matter, for instance rock or concrete.
Dietary fibre
A single point or spot on a playing card or die.
The male ruler of a barony.
A nobleman in England, France, and Germany, of a rank next below that of duke, but above a count. Originally, the marquis was an officer whose duty was to guard the marches or frontiers of the kingdom. The office has ceased, and the name is now a mere title conferred by letters patent or letters close.
To criticize or malign, especially unfairly or spitefully.
The world of the dead, located underneath the world of the living; the afterlife.
To command, rule over; to possess or own.
A set of pieces that work together in unison as a mechanism or device.
A trader who sells goods in a shop, or by retail, in distinction from one who sells by wholesale, or sells door to door.
A loud noise; a cacophony or loud commotion.
No Definitions Found
A reminder or cue.
One who performs surgery; a doctor who performs operations on people or animals.
Doubt, apprehension, a feeling of dread
A feeling of apprehension, doubt, fear etc.
Sway unsteadily, reel, or totter.
A large mass of stone detached from the surrounding land.
A clause, as in legal documents, stating whereas.
A (usually rigid), flat, rectangular measuring or drawing device with graduations in units of measurement; a straightedge with markings.
Call, command, order
Occurring between galaxies.
(Western Australia) A barmaid who wears little clothing.
To remove air or some other gas from within an elastic container, e.g. a balloon or tyre
An insignificant puncture made by a pin or similar point.
A cooking-dish used for boiling; a cauldron.
The drink of the gods.
One skilled in divinity; a theologian.
To smear or rub over with oil or an unctuous substance; also, to spread over, as oil.
A loud calling or crying out, for example as in surprise, pain, grief, joy, anger, etc.
A person who explores or prospects an area in search of mineral deposits, such as gold.
Something that motivates, rouses, or encourages.
The act of offering (an idea) for consideration.
A medical condition in which the sufferer experiences seizures (or convulsions) and blackouts.
An item of sentimental value, to remember an event or location.
Any low, indistinct sound, like that of running water.
Used to express sorrow, regret, compassion or grief.
Great sadness or distress; a misfortune causing such sadness.
A precious stone, especially an orient pearl.
Preoccupation with oneself to the exclusion of everything else.
The quality of being genuine or not corrupted from the original.
A person having many diverse activities or responsibilities.
One who works in or with lead.
A hump; a protuberance.
