A person who has had one or more limbs removed.
A sharp, pointy object, such as a sliver or splinter.
An unborn or unhatched vertebrate showing signs of the mature animal.
Any naturally occurring inorganic material that has a (more or less) definite chemical composition and characteristic physical properties.
Any of many symbiotic organisms, being associations of algae and fungi, often found as white or yellow patches on old walls, etc.
Any member of the kingdom Fungi; a eukaryotic organism typically having chitin cell walls but no chlorophyll or plastids. Fungi may be unicellular or multicellular.
Any of many aquatic photosynthetic organisms, including the seaweeds, whose size ranges from a single cell to giant kelps and whose biochemistry and forms are very diverse, some being eukaryotic.
Any of various wading birds of the family Charadriidae.
Exceedingly violent, severe, ferocious, cruel or savage.
Any of the predatory amphibious reptiles of the family Crocodylidae; a crocodilian, any species of the order Crocodilia, which also includes the alligators, caimans and gavials.
The descent of a person, family, or group from an ancestor or ancestors; lineage or pedigree.
One who is the progeny of a specified person, at any distance of time or through any number of generations.
The act of settling.
Something wound in the form of a helix or spiral.
Any of various rotary machines that use the kinetic energy of a continuous stream of fluid (a liquid or a gas) to turn a shaft.
A flammable liquid consisting of a mixture of refined petroleum hydrocarbons, mainly used as a motor fuel; petrol.
A fuel derived from petroleum (or other oils) but heavier than gasoline/petrol. Used to power diesel engines which burn this fuel using the heat produced when air is compressed.
A rank in the classification of organisms, below family and above species; a taxon at that rank.
An extended piece of music of sophisticated structure, usually for orchestra.
A musical composition for one or a few instruments, one of which is frequently a piano, in three or four movements that vary in key and tempo.
Any plant of the genus Nicotiana.
A substance or agent that can cause cancer.
Any of several fibrous mineral forms of magnesium silicate, used for fireproofing, electrical insulation, building materials, brake linings, chemical filters, suits, fireman's gloves, etc.
A substance used to kill insects.
An illiterate person, one not able to read and write.
An official who is part of a bureaucracy.
Something or someone that has been ruined.
A device that controls the flow of a gas or fluid through a pipe.
A legal sentence.
A loud cry or uproar.
A leader or head of a group of people, organisation, etc.
very likely to do something.
A need or compelling desire for food.
A confused disordered jumble of things.
someone who makes changes to a piece of music so that it can be played in a different way or by a different instrument.
A formal, rhythmic way of walking, used especially by soldiers, bands and in ceremonies.
A cradlesong, a soothing song to calm children or lull them to sleep.
quiet, gentle, and not willing to argue or express your opinions in a forceful way.
A usurper; one who gains power and rules extralegally, distinguished from kings elevated by election or succession.
attractive in a confident, exciting, and stylish way.
One who defies opposition.
A venue where sporting events are held.
A fragment of anything shattered.
Suitable; appropriate; fit or fitted; suited.
Wild; uncontrolled.
To incite to action
(especially of a baby) to make a loud, sharp noise.
Any of a group of some twenty thousand species of vascular plants classified in the division Pteridophyta that lack seeds and reproduce by shedding spores to initiate an alternation of generations.
A loose filmy mass or a thin chiplike layer of anything
The short, loud, explosive sound uttered by a dog, a fox, and some other animals.
A plant, Brassica oleracea var. italica, of the cabbage family, Brassicaceae; especially, the tree-shaped flower and stalk that are eaten as a vegetable.
A newly sprouted leaf or blossom that has not yet unfolded.
The shape, outline, or boundary of a coast.
A binding agreement concluded by subjects of international law, namely states and international organizations.
A crime usually punishable upon conviction by a small fine or by a short term of imprisonment. In the USA, misdemeanants usually are incarcerated in county jail for less than one year, but felons usually are incarcerated in state or federal prison for more than one year. Crimes which are punishable by large fines or by longer imprisonment are sometimes called felonies.
A violation or breach, as of a law.
To make (something) deviate from its original path.
An optical phenomenon in which light is refracted through a layer of hot air close to the ground, giving the appearance of there being refuge in the distance.
A piece of cloth, or other suitable material, sewed or otherwise fixed upon a garment to repair or strengthen it, especially upon an old garment to cover a hole.
A sticky, black and highly viscous liquid or semi-solid, composed almost entirely of bitumen, that is present in most crude petroleums and in some natural deposits.
Generated or caused by light.
The highest point.
The absolute height of a location, usually measured from sea level.
The part of a loom that carries the woof back and forth between the warp threads.
The process of inhaling and exhaling; breathing, breath.
To dictate policy.
The act or process of irrigating, or the state of being irrigated; especially, the operation of causing water to flow over lands, for nourishing plants.
One who loves books.
The art or act of cultivating; improvement of land for or by agriculture
A bunch of cut flowers.
Of a comestible, especially a beverage, having a rich flavor.
The charge for posting an item.
Feeling desire; eagerly wishing; eager to obtain
To follow as a model or a pattern; to make a copy, counterpart or semblance of.
Grown at home.
The improper treatment of a patient by a physician that results in injury or loss.
A single item of clothing.
A woman's lightweight gown of the eighteenth century.
A train that calls at only some stations it passes between its origin and destination, typically just the principal stations
A large snowstorm accompanied by strong winds and greatly reduced visibility caused by blowing snow.
Sexual intercourse by a married person with someone other than their spouse.
An artificial barrier, variously constructed, over which athletes or horses jump in a race.
a sports competition in which a heavy metal ball is thrown from the shoulder as far as possible.
Senses referring to subjective quality.
Able to do many or all things well.
To move (something) with a soft crackling sound.
Large cannon-like weapons, transportable and usually operated by more than one person.
An organized rebellion against a legally constituted authority, especially by seamen against their officers.
An association of members joining together for some common purpose, especially sports or recreation.
Repellently frightful and shocking; horrific or ghastly.
The act of cooking in simmering liquid.
The act of bombing, especially towns or cities
An execution by being nailed or tied to an upright cross and left to hang there until dead.
