A depiction of scenery
A fortified defensive structure stationed with troops.
Constructions made of stone.
Specter, ghost, haunting spirit
A large barrel for the storage of liquid, especially of alcoholic drinks.
An enclosed underground space, often under a building, used for storage or shelter.
Piously self-assured and smugly moralistic.
The area bordering the sea; a coastline; a sealine.
A game similar to baseball but played with a larger and softer ball which can be thrown overhand or underhand.
The state of being superior.
The wrinkling of the brows or face in frowning; the expression of displeasure, sullenness, or discontent in the countenance; an angry frown.
An official count or enumeration of members of a population (not necessarily human), usually residents or citizens in a particular region, often done at regular intervals.
A long stick with a sharp tip used as a weapon for throwing or thrusting, or anything used to make a thrusting motion.
A headfirst fall or jump.
A building (or section of a building) used to store a car or cars, tools and other miscellaneous items.
An SI unit of length equal to 10-1 metres. Symbol: dm
A unit of liquid capacity equal to two pints; one-fourth (quarter) of a gallon. Equivalent to 1.136 liters in the UK and 0.946 liter (liquid quart) or 1.101 liters (dry quart) in the U.S.
The chemical element with atomic number 78 and symbol Pt; a dense, malleable, ductile, highly unreactive, silverish-white transition metal of great value.
A chemical element (symbol Ir) with an atomic number of 77: a very hard, brittle, silvery-white transition metal of the platinum group.
Any of many aquatic photosynthetic organisms, including the seaweeds, whose size ranges from a single cell to giant kelps and whose biochemistry and forms are very diverse, some being eukaryotic.
A complex carbohydrate that forms the main constituent of the cell wall in most plants and is important in the manufacture of numerous products, such as paper, textiles, pharmaceuticals, and explosives.
A simple aliphatic alcohol formally derived from ethane by replacing one hydrogen atom with a hydroxyl group: CH3-CH2-OH.
Any fuel that is obtained from a renewable biological resource, especially from biomass
Transmitted through food.
The chemical element (symbol N) with an atomic number of 7 and atomic weight of 14.0067. It is a colorless and odorless gas.
A veterinary surgeon, a veterinarian
An acute infectious disease of herbivores, especially sheep and cattle, caused by Bacillus anthracis.
A building where beer is produced.
Per person
A beer made without hops.
Malted grain (sprouted grain) (usually barley), used in brewing and otherwise.
To heat food for the purpose of killing harmful organisms such as bacteria, viruses, protozoa, molds, and yeasts.
A small or indistinct shaft or stream of light.
A large tub, such as is used for making wine or for tanning.
Gravity; serious purpose; earnestness.
Having a soothing effect; not irritating or stimulating.
Land adjoining a non-flowing body of water, such as an ocean, lake or pond.
A solid mass formed by the coalescence of separate particles; a compound substance, a concretion.
Green foliage or verdure.
Any of various marine invertebrates, mostly of the phylum Porifera, that have a porous skeleton often of silica.
Straw, rushes, or similar, used for making or covering the roofs of buildings, or of stacks of hay or grain.
A flat piece of coarse material used for wiping one’s feet, or as a decorative or protective floor covering.
An instrument or device for domestic use, especially in the kitchen.
An unabridged publication, especially a reference work
A publication, usually in the form of a book, that provides synonyms (and sometimes antonyms) for the words of a given language.
A subject that pollutes, be it a person, company, country, factory or another subject.
An English unit of land area (symbol: a. or ac.) originally denoting a day's plowing for a yoke of oxen, now standardized as 4,840 square yards or 4,046.86 square meters.
Greatly diminished size or form; reduced scale.
A little sandfly.
A person who learns from another, especially one who then teaches others.
(physical) Movement; that which moves or is moved.
A small, compressed, hard chunk of matter.
Without peer or equal; unparalleled, nonpareil. Of the highest quality, best.
A type of tree nut.
A person or company that builds or improves buildings.
The fear of closed, tight places.
Fear or dislike of the number thirteen (13).
A sensation of whirling and loss of balance, caused by looking down from a great height or by disease affecting the inner ear.
One who weaves.
A heavy woven cloth, often with decorative pictorial designs, normally hung on walls.
A long, narrow piece cut or torn off; a strip.
A spiderweb, or the remains of one, especially an asymmetrical one that is woven with an irregular pattern of threads.
A valley, especially a long, narrow, steep valley, cut in rock by a river.
A medical condition in which the capacity of the blood to transport oxygen to the tissues is reduced, either because of too few red blood cells, or because of too little hemoglobin, resulting in pallor and fatigue.
A type of malignancy affecting the blood cells or blood-forming tissues.
An unusually high concentration of sugar in the blood
Of, or relating to the brain, cerebrum, or cerebral cortex.
A swelling of blood, usually clotted, which forms as a result of broken blood vessels.
The precipitation of suspended particles as they increase in size (by any of several physical or chemical processes)
A break, pause or vacation.
An appointed official tasked to regulate or oversee a specific area.
An organ of the neck of mammals situated just below where the tract of the pharynx splits into the trachea and the oesophagus (or esophagus). It is involved in breath control and protection of the trachea, and, because it houses the vocal cords, sound production.
To make slippery or smooth (normally to minimize friction) by applying a lubricant.
A bag or pouch inside a plant or animal that typically contains a fluid.
Any of the many small fluid-filled sacs located at the point where a muscle or tendon slides across bone. These sacs serve to reduce friction between the two moving surfaces.
A person whose profession is cutting (usually male) customers' hair and beards.
A small bag usually closed with a drawstring.
A tough band of inelastic fibrous tissue that connects a muscle with its bony attachment.
A large organ in the body that stores and metabolizes nutrients, destroys toxins and produces bile. It is responsible for thousands of biochemical reactions.
Of or relating to the bronchi or bronchioles.
An injured, infected, inflamed or diseased patch of skin.
A period of something, usually painful or unpleasant.
An acute or chronic inflammation of the lungs caused by viruses, bacteria or other microorganisms, or sometimes by physical or chemical irritants.
An inferior kind of cannel coal from Scottish collieries, having a slaty structure.
The side of a hill.
