a person who believes in using rules and punishments for controlling people.
A sycophant who flatters others to gain personal advantage or an obsequious lackey or minion
one not deeply engaged in or concerned with something.
(obsolescent) Something that provokes an appetite, especially a sexual appetite; an aphrodisiac.
An irrational, abnormal, or obsessive fear (of something).
The quality of being obedient.
Argumentative; fond of or prone to quarreling.
To satisfy, carry out, bring to completion (an obligation, a requirement, etc.).
to express a negative emotion in a forceful and often unfair way.
extremely angry but unable or unwilling to express it clearly.
using unlimited personal power without considering other people's rights or wishes.
using power or authority over people in an unfair and cruel way.
The act of deviating; wandering off the correct or true path or road
to supply what is required or desired.
a division of a city for representative, electoral, or administrative purposes.
a worker for a local party organization.
If you cultivate a relationship, you make a special effort to establish and develop it, because you think it might be useful to you.
Suitable for some particular purpose.
(chiefly in plural) A surface detail.
a frightening and unpleasant older woman with strong opinions.
Of or pertaining to a shrew (a nagging, ill-tempered woman).
A dockworker involved in loading and unloading cargo, or in supervising such work.
an offensive word for a woman who you think has a loud voice and bad manners.
The total distance travelled in miles or in air miles.
The relationship resulting from affiliating one thing with another.
A person who is zealously enthusiastic for some cause, especially in religion.
great enthusiasm or eagerness.
the state of being very bored or annoyed.
to very much respect and admire someone or something.
A belief or beliefs, not based on human reason or scientific knowledge, that events may be influenced by one's behaviour in some magical or mystical way.
A set of principles of right and wrong behaviour guiding, or representative of, a specific culture, society, group, or individual.
to change your opinion or to make someone change their opinion.
causing harm or damage deliberately and for no acceptable reason.
(especially of something unpleasant) likely to happen very soon.
to behave in a modest way and treat the good things that you have achieved as if they are not important, often because you do not have much confidence.
Derision; ridicule; a derisive or mocking expression of scorn, contempt, or reproach.
