The characteristic of being humble; humbleness in character and behavior.
the general development of a situation, or the situation, feelings, and opinions that exist at a particular time.
flatter.
unfriendly and seeming to consider yourself better than other people.
very thin, especially because of sickness or hunger.
looking ill or tired, often with dark skin under the eyes.
sad.
the act of doing everything that someone tells or wants you to do.
Paleness; want of color; pallidity; wanness.
A servant, especially a domestic servant.
A person of lower stature to another
activity directed toward a goal, enterprise.
willing or eager to help.
willing to do what other people want, or considering your wishes as less important than those of other people.
A ceremonial procession, especially for a wedding or funeral or following a king.
a ceremony performed by a particular group of people, often for religious purposes.
to talk or complain about something many times.
Irritable, bad-tempered, grumpy or peevish.
Childishly irritable
A feeling of contempt or scorn.
too confident and too determined to tell other people what to do, in a way that is unpleasant.
Full of energy; exuberant; noisy.
an official paper given by the government or a company to show that you have lent them money that they will pay back to you at a particular interest rate.
belonging or relating to the home, house, or family.
One who does something habitually, such as a serial criminal offender.
Paying attention; noticing, watching, listening, or attending closely.
a line of people who are all walking or travelling in the same direction, especially in a formal way as part of a religious ceremony or public celebration.
not friendly, and showing little interest in other people in a way that seems slightly rude.
If someone's manner or speech is curt, it is rude as a result of being very quick.
Not wholesome; unfavorable to health; unhealthful.
an alcoholic drink.
very noticeable or certain.
very thin and weak as a result of being ill or having no food.
To make worse; to make inferior in quality or value; to impair.
To destroy the morale of; to dishearten.
sad and without hope.
Drab; dark, colorless, or cheerless, boring and making you feel unhappy.
to suffer or experience, especially damage or loss.
A person who completely abstains from alcoholic beverages.
