(usually capitalized) A general term for the prehistoric period intermediate between the earliest period (‘Paleo-Indian’, ‘Paleo-American’, ‘American‐paleolithic’, &c.) of human presence in the Western Hemisphere, and the most recent prehistoric period (‘Woodland’, etc.).
Idiotic or unthinkable, often to the point of being funny.
A person or firm that owes money; one in debt; one who owes a debt
A ghost or apparition.
A person, especially one who is famous or important.
Fashion, style of dressing oneself up.
Writing materials, envelopes, office materials
To repeal, annul, or declare void; to take (something such as a rule or contract) out of effect.
The current holder of an office, such as ecclesiastical benefice or an elected office.
Of, or pertaining to, the Apocrypha.
Lacking strength; weak.
To beget wrongly or badly.
A generally accepted principle; a rule.
Unwieldy because of its weight; cumbersome.
An instance of the word "notwithstanding", often characteristic of legalese.
Coolish; somewhat cool in temperature
Anything (especially something in verbal form) used to help remember something.
A person who is authorized to supervise, direct or administer something.
A viscous preparation of oils and/or fats, usually containing medication, used as a treatment or as an emollient.
A thing that is not dispensable; a necessity.
The remains of something that has been cut off; especially the remains of a tree, the remains of a limb.
Of a student, to fail a class; to not pass.
A learner under the supervision of a teacher or professor.
To drive away, disperse.
To perplex, confuse (someone).
Idiot, fool.
A large cushion or pillow.
To confirm or support something with additional evidence; to attest or vouch for.
Committing sacrilege; acting or speaking very disrespectfully toward what is held to be sacred.
An open stall, often on a street, where newspapers and magazines are on sale to the public
Something which amuses, and serves to make time pass agreeably.
A member of the plebs, the common citizens of ancient Rome.
