experience of the world and knowledge of fashion, culture and other things that people think are socially important.
remaining strong and determined, even in a difficult or dangerous situation.
a word or an expression that is used to show love.
to do and complete a business activity.
(to cause a liquid, especially coffee) to percolate.
Friendly and cheerful.
Receiving others kindly and conversing with them in a free and friendly manner; friendly, courteous, sociable.
Not conclusive, not leading to a conclusion.
very tired, especially from doing a lot of work or physical activity.
Deception by use of trickery, quibbling, or subterfuge.
To practise deception by concealment or omission, or by feigning a false appearance.
A keen-edged knife of peculiar shape, used in shaving the hair from the face or other parts of the body.
The ability to distinguish; judgement.
An artificial metal produced from iron, harder and more elastic than elemental iron; used figuratively as a symbol of hardness.
The act of slighting; a deliberate act of neglect or discourtesy.
to hold especially persistently in the mind.
Deep-seated and/or long-term animosity or ill will about something or someone, especially due to a past misdeed or mistreatment.
To do something harmful or negative to get revenge for some harm; to fight back or respond in kind to an injury or affront.
A large group of musicians who play together on various instruments, usually including some from strings, woodwind, brass and/or percussion; the instruments played by such a group.
Causing fear, dread, awe, or discouragement as a result of size, strength, or some other impressive feature; commanding respect; causing wonder or astonishment.
Having sufficient skill, knowledge, ability, or qualifications.
A soprano and melody wind instrument in the modern orchestra and wind ensemble. It is a smaller instrument and generally made of grenadilla wood. It is a member of the double reed family.
A musical instrument in the woodwind family, having a double reed and playing in the tenor and bass ranges.
A low spectrum of sound tones.
A stringed instrument related to the violin family, but held in the lap between the legs like a cello, usually with C-holes, a flat back, a fretted neck and six strings, played with an underhanded bow hold.
A musical instrument consisting principally of a set of graduated steel plates struck with hammers that are activated by a keyboard.
An early keyboard instrument producing a soft sound by means of metal blades (called tangents) attached to the inner ends of the keys gently striking the strings.
A thick, opaque watercolour paint made with gum containing an inert white pigment to make it opaque.
Impure carbon obtained by destructive distillation of wood or other organic matter, that is to say, heating it in the absence of oxygen.
a particular business or industry.
to complain about someone or something in an annoyed way.
an expression on your face that shows that you are embarrassed or feeling pain .
Showing willingness to take bold risks; recklessly daring.
Invulnerable to fear or intimidation.
a person who behaves in a way that is typical of people who live in big cities.
having a calm and confident manner and in control of your feelings and behaviour.
the quality of being friendly and pleasant.
Concerned with human or earthly matters, physical as opposed to spiritual.
To dull or reduce an emotion or a physical state.
