A person in the lowest and most despicable condition; a castaway; outcast.
suffering severely from the effects of something unpleasant.
Unwilling to spend, give, or share; ungenerous; mean
Withholding for the sake of meanness; stingy, miserly.
using very little of something.
The quality of being frugal; prudent economy; thrift.
to not have or do something enjoyable.
to experience something that is unpleasant or something that involves a change.
the edge or border of something.
A straitened situation is difficult because there is much less money available to you than there was in the past.
(especially of something bad) extremely or very great.
Act of expending or paying out.
too obviously showing your money, possessions, or power, in an attempt to make other people notice and admire you.
a large area of land in the country that is owned by a family or an organization and is often used for growing crops or raising animals.
a group of people who are connected because they are involved in a particular activity.
The head servant or official in a royal Spanish or Italian household; later, any head servant in a wealthy household in a foreign country; a leading servant or butler.
A slick and light ship for making pleasure trips or racing on water, having sails but often motor-powered. At times used as a residence offshore on a dock.
to make a story more entertaining by adding imaginary details to it.
a device used to control the flow of liquid from something such as a barrel.
Feeling great anger; raging; violent.
A weariness caused by exertion; exhaustion.
a period during which a large amount of alcohol is drunk.
To make dizzy or unsteady.
the state of being under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
Extreme pain.
great mental suffering and unhappiness, or great physical pain.
not interesting or exciting in any way.
not exciting or not interesting.
(modal) Probably not.
To live, last or remain longer than.
To recover health and strength gradually after sickness or weakness.
Becoming putrid; putrefying.
Rotting, rotten, being in a state of putrefaction.
The state of being obsolete—no longer in use; gone into disuse; disused or neglected.
a gentle and pleasant rising and falling sound in a person's voice.
a happy, positive quality, especially in spite of problems.
To thrust upon; to impose.
Silly, especially at an inappropriate time or in an inappropriate manner.
unkind and showing that you think somebody/something is silly.
The state or act of contemning; the feeling or attitude of regarding someone or something as inferior, base, or worthless; scorn, disdain.
A threadbare excuse, argument, or idea is not strong and no longer persuades people because it is old or has been used too much.
Which has not been lauded or appreciated.
Often in reference to a word or phrase: used so many times that it is commonplace, or no longer interesting or effective; worn out, hackneyed.
Acute discernment or understanding; insight.
A facial expression where one slightly raises one corner of the upper lip, generally indicating scorn.
The state of being new or novel; newness.
Alleviation; abatement; check.
The condition of being prosperous, of having good fortune
An agent or drug that sedates, having a calming or soothing effect, or inducing sleep.
A tray for serving foods.
A semi-aquatic, egg-laying monotreme mammal with a bill resembling that of a duck, that has a mole-like body, a tail resembling that of a beaver, a waterproof pelt, and flat webbed feet — males have poisonous spurs on the inside of the back legs; Ornithorhynchus anatinus
excellent.
Reluctant to spend money; miserly or stingy
(of a person's behaviour or way of speaking or writing) too formal and not smooth or natural.
A person who hoards money rather than spending it; one who is cheap or extremely parsimonious.
A heroic or extraordinary deed.
One with liberal views, supporting individual liberty (see Wikipedia's article on Liberalism).
Treating serious issues with (often deliberately) inappropriate humour; flippant.
Of or pertaining to praise, or the expression of praise.
