to treat someone or something unfairly by disapproving of him, her, or it.
Showing clever resourcefulness in practical matters.
A heavy load.
Any of a number of autoimmune diseases, the most common of which is systemic lupus erythematosus.
A place or situation of chaotic uproar, and where confusion prevails.
to make a very loud and unpleasant noise, or to make something do this.
An industrial heating device, e.g. for smelting metal or baking ceramics.
A device that captures sound waves onto an engraved archive; a lathe.
Any musical instrument (percussion idiophone) made of wooden slats graduated so as to make the sounds of the scale when struck with a small drumstick-like mallet; the standard Western concert xylophone or one of its derivatives.
to tell someone something repeatedly to make them remember it.
The harvested seeds of various grass food crops eg: wheat, corn, barley.
Without care or making distinctions, thoughtless.
An animal or plant that has been domesticated.
A person in attendance at a royal court.
The periodic change of the sea level, particularly when caused by the gravitational influence of the sun and the moon.
An immersion in water etc.
A four-wheeled cart for hauling loads.
to go away or leave, especially on a journey.
an amount of money to be used for a particular purpose.
Joyful festivities, especially as a celebration.
a short period of enjoyment.
(of people) Very high-spirited; extremely energetic and enthusiastic.
very loud and uncontrolled, and full of energy.
A person, thing or name typifying a certain quality or idea; an embodiment or exemplification.
Stealthy.
To represent in a physical or concrete form; to incarnate or personify.
clever, especially in a dishonest or secret way.
Anything that cannot be attained.
Violent, destructive and cruel.
famous, respected, or important.
someone who has been in the armed forces during a war.
To be full to overflowing.
The exchange of opinions and advice especially in legal issues; consultation.
Someone or something that entrances you is so beautiful or interesting that you cannot stop listening to or watching him, her, or it.
Skillfulness and manual ability; adroitness or dexterity.
A collection of varying but related items.
A book with flexible binding.
A book with a solid binding.
