An actual instance when a situation occurs; an event or happening.
A garden tool with a handle and a flat blade for digging. Not to be confused with a shovel which is used for moving earth or other materials.
Sharp, good-humoured, playful, typically spontaneous conversation.
To make uninteresting or trite by frequent use.
very serious or extreme.
Having or revealing little emotion or sensibility; dully or heavily stupid.
A place of safety.
A dilapidated neighborhood where many people live in a state of poverty.
Very dry.
A slight coloring.
An exciting or extraordinary scene, exhibition, performance etc.
Someone or thing who lives in a place.
constructed below the normal floor level.
Any one of various common types of small insects or animals which cause harm and annoyance.
any of various small mammals with large, sharp front teeth, such as mice and rats.
A modest, small, or trifling amount.
(of goods) Not new; previously owned and used by another.
very angry or out of control.
Having great diversity or variety; of various kinds; made up of many differing parts; manifold.
A branching-out, the act or result of developing branches; specifically the divergence of the stem and limbs of a plant into smaller ones, or of similar developments in blood vessels, anatomical structures etc.
A gullible person; someone easily fooled or tricked.
an exciting or entertaining event involving a lot of activity.
An opinion, belief, or principle that is held as absolute truth by someone or especially an organization.
the process of getting rid of material such as solid waste or urine from the body.
A roundabout or indirect way of speaking; the use of more words than necessary to express an idea.
Accordance with moral principles; conformity of behaviour or thought with the strictures of morality; good moral conduct.
Soiled, dirty.
A brothel.
A house of prostitution.
A brothel
The living room of a house, or a room for entertaining guests; a room for talking; a sitting-room or drawing room
(chiefly humorous) bottom, bum.
a person's bottom.
(somewhat obsolete) The breast or chest of a human (or sometimes of another animal).
The fine particles which are the result of reducing dry substance by pounding, grinding, or triturating, or the result of decay; dust.
a toilet.
to be careful or anxious about expressing your opinion in case you upset somebody.
A place where waste or garbage is left; a ground or place for dumping ashes, refuse, etc.; a disposal site.
to eat something, especially noisily.
The portion of food which is brought back into the mouth by ruminating animals from their first stomach, to be chewed a second time.
A phlegmatic person does not usually get emotional or excited about things.
A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.
very interested, eager, or wanting (to do) something very much.
having some of the same qualities.
A feeling of illness or discomfort in the digestive system, usually characterized by a strong urge to vomit.
The act of remembering; a holding in mind, or bringing to mind; recollection.
Not in harmony or accord
A short, high-pitched sound, as of two objects rubbing together, or the calls of small animals.
A loud sound.
A prickling or mildly stinging sensation.
To survive on a minimum of resources.
A particular edible plant, Spinacia oleracea, or its leaves.
Any of several cereal grains, of the genus Triticum, that yields flour as used in bakery.
Aromatic or pungent plant matter (usually dried) used to season or flavour food.
That which clothes, covers, conceals, or protects; a garment.
Any substance or drug that reduces pain, induces sleep and may alter mood or behaviour; in some contexts, especially in reference to the opiates-and-opioids class, especially in reference to illegal drugs, and often both.
rude and likely to upset or anger people, especially by referring to sex and the body in an unpleasant way.
behaviour that is silly and not serious, or things that are silly and not important.
One who watches an event; especially, one held outdoors.
