A pointed missile weapon, intended to be thrown by the hand, for example a short lance or javelin
Relating to the throne or the see of a bishop.
Relating to ecology, the interrelationships of organisms and their environment.
To provide with a dower or a dowry.
Someone who or something that trails.
To quarrel in a tiresome, insulting manner.
A kiss.
A newspaper having pages half the dimensions of the standard format.
A person whom a church or another religious group has officially recognised as especially holy or godly; one eminent for piety and virtue.
A wealthy and powerful business person.
A weather phenomenon in the northwestern Pacific that is precisely equivalent to a hurricane, which results in wind speeds of 64 knots (118 km/h) or above. Equivalent to a cyclone in the Indian Ocean and Indonesia/Australia.
The surface of the Earth, as opposed to the sky or water or underground.
To pursue in a manner to injure, grieve, or afflict; to beset with cruelty or malignity; to harass; especially, to afflict, harass, punish, or put to death for one's race, sexual identity, adherence to a particular religious creed, or mode of worship.
An intelligent, learned person, especially one who discourses about learned matters.
The killing of a considerable number (usually limited to people) where little or no resistance can be made, with indiscriminate violence, without necessity, and contrary to civilized norms.
The shedding or spilling of blood.
A conflagration; a flame.
A period of time when a person occupies a position only conditionally and may easily be removed for poor performance
The building where a legislature meets to deal with matters of state.
An earthenware container, either with two or no handles, for holding oil, water, wine, etc., or used for burial.
An attack made in response to an attack by the opponents
The act of commending; praise; favorable representation in words; recommendation.
A rescue, especially a financial rescue.
Distinctive atmosphere or quality associated with something.
An instance of good-natured banter.
To declare or find innocent or not guilty.
No Definitions Found
Using every available means
What something does or is used for.
A raised platform built from the shore out over water, supported on piles; used to secure, or provide access to shipping; a jetty.
A usually nocturnal insect of the order Lepidoptera, distinguished from butterflies by feather-like antennae.
(of a situation) Extremely sensitive or volatile; easily disturbed to the point of becoming unstable; requiring caution or tactfulness.
A force compounded by means of a lever rotating around a pivot; see torque.
To make smaller; to press or squeeze together, or to make something occupy a smaller space or volume.
Extreme pain, either of body or mind; excruciating distress.
Unstable; easily rocked.
The transportation of troops, civilians or supplies by air, especially in an emergency.
A period of unusually low rainfall, longer and more severe than a dry spell.
The largest of the apes, native to the forests of central Africa, and known for their trait of knuckle-walking.
Any large piece of timber or iron long in proportion to its thickness, and prepared for use.
A noteworthy person.
A confection having a center of ganache and an outer coating of powdered cocoa or chocolate.
(chiefly in the plural) A building for soldiers, especially within a garrison; originally referred to temporary huts, now usually to a permanent structure or set of buildings.
(usually a mass noun) Lodging in a dwelling or similar living quarters afforded to travellers in hotels or on cruise ships, or prisoners, etc.
To turn a brass color.
A metallic alloy of copper and zinc used in many industrial and plumbing applications.
Anything that mutes or deadens sound.
An order or command.
A sound made by loose objects shaking or vibrating against one another.
A pleasure trip or excursion.
A catch phrase associated with the product or service being advertised.
An act of revolt.
