To cover the eyes, in order to make someone unable to see.
Standing or resting on something.
To give a title to.
Solanum dulcamara.
To vet or evaluate; to criticize or correct, often by hindsight, by presuming to have a better idea, method, etc.
Whatever.
The act of deserting.
A device that measures, and indicates the current speed of a vehicle.
A hypothetical particle that travels faster than the speed of light.
A rapid resting heart rate, especially one above 100 beats per minute.
The sea; ocean; water; flood.
A woodwind musical instrument that has a distinctive liquid tone whose characteristics vary among its three registers: chalumeau (low), clarion (medium), and altissimo (high).
The status or position of a performer acknowledged to be a star; fame; celebrity.
A loud sound, like the crashing together of metal objects.
The state of being contained.
The system of seven tones built on a tonic key; the 24 major and minor scales.
A medical image produced by ultrasound echo
A small, hard object, in the shape of a pebble, that sometimes forms in the gallbladder or bile duct; composed of cholesterol, bile pigments and calcium salts.
Echolocation
To preserve (food) in a jar.
A young cow or bull.
A young woman (of noble birth).
A boy; especially, a boy servant.
To pay, give in payment; repay, recompense; reward; requite.
To move back; to retreat; to withdraw.
The act or an instance of receding or withdrawing.
Money paid for the freeing of a hostage.
An area of low fertility and habitation, a desolate place.
A sudden movement out of a straight line, for example to avoid a collision.
To shoot with arrows (at).
A disease spread by mosquito, in which a protozoan, Plasmodium, multiplies in blood every few days.
A plant of the genus Trifolium with leaves usually divided into three (rarely four) leaflets and with white or red flowers.
Dirt; foul matter; that which soils or defiles.
A building, wing or dependency set apart and adapted for lodging and feeding (and training) animals with hoofs, especially horses.
One who provides laws to a society.
A female pig.
An outer garment covering the upper torso and arms.Wp
A line at the side of something.
An arousal.
Moisture; humidity; water.
A corridor; a hallway.
A shaft in a multi-story building enclosing a stairway or staircase.
The act of plunging or submerging
A ship used to transport people, smaller vehicles and goods from one port to another, usually on a regular schedule.
To make poor.
Characterized by success
Of extraordinary might, power, size, etc.; suggesting Hercules in size or strength.
Sensation; sensibility.
Having glamour; stylish.
Harsh and rough-sounding.
Someone who spends money improvidently or wastefully.
Evincing thrift; characterized by economy and good management of property; frugal.
Celebrating victory.
