A lean breed of dog used in hunting and racing.
A going; journey; travel; voyage; course; passage.
A unit of mass equal to 16 avoirdupois ounces (= 453.592 37 g). Today this value is the most common meaning of "pound" as a unit of weight.
A two-wheeled horse-drawn vehicle, used in Bronze Age and Early Iron Age warfare.
A group of separate things that contribute to a coordinated whole.
An inclination to undertake a certain kind of work, especially a religious career; often in response to a perceived summons; a calling.
A stake driven into the ground.
A form of film punctuation in which there is a gradual transition from one scene to the next
(grammar) A verbal form that functions as a verbal noun. (In English, a gerund has the same spelling as a present participle, but functions differently; however, this distinction may be ambiguous or unclear and so is no longer made in some modern texts such as A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language and The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language)
An umpire or judge; an official who makes sure the rules are followed during a game.
A light breeze.
A song for a small number of unaccompanied voices; from 13th century Italy.
Dirt or filth, especially when difficult to clean.
A beat or blow; the sound of beating.
Broken bricks, stone and/or other aggregate used as foundations, especially in road and path laying.
A violent onset or attack with physical means, for example blows, weapons, etc.
A push from behind, as to one who is endeavoring to climb.
A cosmetic treatment for the fingernails.
Superficial cosmetic treatment of the feet and toenails.
A bitter colourless powder, an alkaloid derived from cinchona bark, used to treat malaria and as an ingredient of tonic water.
A species of coniferous tree, Taxus baccata, with dark-green flat needle-like leaves and seeds bearing red arils, native to western, central and southern Europe, northwest Africa, northern Iran and southwest Asia.
The rhythmic, wave-like contraction and relaxation of muscles so as to propagate motion, as of food in the digestive tract.
To limp; move with a limping gait.
To hit or strike violently and repeatedly.
A thread used to clean the gaps between the teeth.
An appointment, especially to speak or perform.
A series of columns at regular intervals.
Not demanding
To try to get a ride in a passing vehicle while standing at the side of a road, generally by either sticking out one's finger or thumb or holding a sign with one's stated destination.
To relate (a story or series of events) in speech or writing.
A male animal, especially a stud horse (stallion), kept for breeding.
A new set of hounds.
Easily bothered or upset; tending to be nauseated or nervous; oversensitive
The power to see the future.
Knowledge of the future; understanding of something in advance, especially as a form of supernatural or extrasensory perception.
(as used before Rudolf Steiner) Knowledge or understanding of human nature.
To render less lively; to diminish; to muffle.
To cause to become numb (physically or emotionally).
A participant in a contest; specifically, a person who plays a game, as on a TV game show.
Of or pertaining to flirtation.
A contemptible, often arrogant person.
To issue a command; to tell.
Money or other goods given as charity.
Cost, expenditure.
A large number of insects, especially when in motion or (for bees) migrating to a new colony.
To destroy.
An aircraft pilot. The use of the word may imply claims of superior airmanship, as in navy aviator vs. air force pilot.
Something displeasing; anything that is disagreeable.
(notcomp) Of or belonging to the species Homo sapiens or its closest relatives.
A brief gush, as of liquid spurting from an orifice or a cut/wound.
Another name for a high school (e.g. some high schools are called collegiates rather than high schools)
The qualities characteristic of a hero, such as courage, bravery, fortitude, unselfishness, etc.; the display of such qualities.
Having qualities resembling those of steel, especially hard and resolute.
A photographer who operates a movie camera, or who oversees the operations of the cameras and lighting when making a film.
The state of being undecided.
Couch grass (Elymus repens; a species of grass, often considered as a weed)
Someone who habitually expects the worst outcome; one who looks on the dark side of things.
Very fine solid particles (smoke, dust) or liquid droplets (moisture) suspended in the air, slightly limiting visibility.
