Language, particularly written language, not intended as poetry.
To perform the sacrament of baptism by sprinkling or pouring water over someone or immersing them in water.
The act of designating; a pointing out or showing; indication.
Condition as to ancestors; ancestral lineage; hence, birth or honorable descent.
A mammal of which the female has a pouch in which it rears its young, which are born immature, through early infancy, such as the kangaroo or koala, or else pouchless members of the Marsupialia like the shrew opossum.
someone who is eating a meal, especially in a restaurant.
One of the aristocracy, nobility, or people of rank in a community; one of a ruling class; a noble (originally in Revolutionary France).
A pontiff, or high priest, in Ancient Rome.
A person who sculpts; an artist who produces sculpture.
To act or speak in heightened anger.
a group of people with a shared interest or job who live together in a way that is separate from other people.
The state of being banished from one's home or country.
Voluntarily imposed upon oneself.
Appropriate; suitable for the circumstances.
a factory where a particular substance is produced.
The traits acquired during one's childhood training
One appointed as the substitute of another, and empowered to act for them, in their name or their behalf; a substitute in office
someone who is sent as a representative from one government or organization to another.
Having to do with the pope or the papacy.
One who precedes; one who has preceded another in any state, position, office, etc.; one whom another follows or comes after, in any office or position.
The study of art or beauty.
someone who supports suffrage, especially a supporter of the right of women to vote in the early 20th century.
(of a person) Describing one who enjoys being in crowds and socializing.
A boisterous person; a brawler.
To accuse or bring criminal charges against.
the fact of officially being found to be guilty of a particular crime, or the act of officially finding someone guilty.
Religious discourse; a written or spoken address on a religious or moral matter.
Self-generated; happening without any apparent external cause.
Someone who settles in a new location, especially one who takes up residence in a previously uninhabited place; a colonist.
Obvious and offensive; blatant; scandalous.
Violating morality or decency; provoking indignation or affront.
To excel; go beyond in performance; surpass.
A salesperson, a person employed by a store to sell merchandise, assist customers in finding merchandise, and accept payment.
An alcoholic, often sparkling (carbonated) beverage made from fermented apples; hard cider; apple cider
One who obeys.
To make (an animal) tame; to domesticate.
very obvious and intentional, when this is a bad thing.
One who robs others in a lawless area, especially as part of a group.
A place, as in clothing, which has been repaired by mending.
Oxidation or discoloration, especially of a decorative metal exposed to air.
A type of paint with a solvent that evaporates to leave a hard, transparent, glossy film.
Filled with grief or sadness; being in a state in which one mourns.
a narrow channel made for carrying water, for example to factories that produce electricity.
a deep, narrow valley with steep sides, usually formed by a river or stream cutting through hard rock.
relating to a large city.
Pus or exudate (other than blood) from a wound or orifice, usually due to infection or pathology.
Covered with, or containing unclean matter; dirty.
A pipe or system of pipes used to remove human waste and to provide drainage.
to (cause something to) become blocked or filled so that movement or activity is difficult.
A natural or artificial removal of fluid from a given area by its draining away.
Any of several carnivorous marine cephalopod mollusks, of the order Teuthida, having a mantle, eight arms, and a pair of tentacles
Anything, as goods, etc., taken or got by violence; anything taken by force from an enemy in war
The protracted, mournful cry of a dog or a wolf, or other like sound.
(ball sports) A pass or stroke which arches high into the air.
To seize, arrest or take into custody (a criminal or fugitive).
Great fear in view of impending evil; fearful apprehension of danger; anticipatory terror.
The forms required by a good upbringing, or prescribed by authority, to be observed in social or official life; observance of the proprieties of rank and occasion; conventional decorum; ceremonial code of polite society.
Having a hardness and severity of nature or manner.
To control or keep in check.
to reduce the strength of a feeling, action, etc.
Desire to eat food or consume drink.
Any great, strong, powerful emotion, especially romantic love or extreme hate.
The act of eating, drinking or using.
To hold up; to lift on high; to elevate.
A small light axe with a short handle; a tomahawk.
To rotate about an off-centre fixed point.
a public bar, especially in the past in the western US.
A religious discourse.
The fervour or tireless devotion for a person, cause, or ideal and determination in its furtherance; diligent enthusiasm; powerful interest.
(of a disease) Easily transmitted to others.
A widespread disease that affects many individuals in a population.
Of or pertaining to cats.
to fall very quickly and suddenly.
Any member of Caninae, the only living subfamily of Canidae.
(plural mink or minks) Any of various semi-aquatic, carnivorous mammals in the Mustelinae subfamily, similar to weasels, with dark fur, native to Europe and America, of which two species in different genera are extant: the American mink (Neovison vison) and the European mink (Mustela lutreola).
An often domesticated mammal (Mustela putorius furo) rather like a weasel, descended from the polecat and often trained to hunt burrowing animals.
To defile; to pollute
Rite; a repeated set of actions
a system of connected organs or tissues along which materials or messages pass.
Any substance, such as a food or in the form of a medicine which has a laxative effect.
A manual of herbs and their medical uses
Without unwillingness or hesitation; showing readiness.
One of the two magistrates who originally administered the census of citizens, and by Classical times (between the 8th century B.C.E. and the 6th century C.E.) was a high judge of public behaviour and morality.
To remove or alter those parts of a text considered offensive, vulgar, or otherwise unseemly.
A part or division of the intestines, usually the large intestine.
A garden or an area of land for the cultivation of fruit or nut trees.
A belief or tenet, especially about philosophical or theological matters.
A systematic plan of future action.
A long, angry or violent speech; a diatribe.
A word used as a motto, as expressive of a principle, belief or rule of action; a rallying cry.
The application of careful and attentive effort.
Having fame; famous or noted.
Gaiety; merriment.
beautiful rather than useful.
food prepared in a particular way as part of a meal.
To speak or write with divine inspiration; to act as prophet.
To be superior in strength, dominance, influence or frequency; to have or gain the advantage over others; to have the upper hand; to outnumber others.
To act as president or chairperson.
Of or relating to the Bible.
Shaped like a cylinder.
Any arthropod of class Chilopoda, which have a segmented body with one pair of legs per segment and from about 20 to 300 legs in total.
A long, pointed canine tooth used for biting and tearing flesh
A dash.
A period of deep thought.
A tall, narrow, single-headed Cuban hand drum of African origin
A short jump.
to move quickly, with small, short steps, especially in order to escape.
Any of the following symbols: ‒ (figure dash), – (en dash), — (em dash), or ― (horizontal bar).
moving or operating more slowly than usual and with less energy or power
A person who needlessly destroys, defaces, or damages other people's property.
A thrombus, solidified mass of blood.
An increase in the size of an organ due to swelling of the individual cells.
A reduction in the functionality of an organ caused by disease, injury or lack of use.
To separate, detach, or isolate.
Any weapon that causes death.
(sometimes offensive) a person who has severely impaired physical abilities because of deformation, injury, or amputation of parts of the body.
Tending to rouse aversion or to repulse
Causing bother or perplexity.
to rub something hard in order to clean it, especially using a stiff brush, soap, and water.
A person who loves and zealously supports and defends their country.
A cone-shaped formation constructed from sediment and other available materials by ants or termites. The colony nests underneath this cone.
Pale; bleak.
(often pluralized) The alimentary canal of an animal through which food passes after having passed all stomachs.
A reptilian animal: a reptile.
A condition where the patient has neurological symptoms such as numbness, blindness, paralysis, or fits, but without any neurological explanation.
Any of many plant diseases causing damage to, or the death of, leaves, fruit or other parts.
The act of evacuating; leaving a place in an orderly fashion, especially for safety.
A minor annoyance or inconvenience.
A woodwind instrument consisting of a tube with a row of holes that produce sound through vibrations caused by air blown across the edge of the holes, often tuned by plugging one or more holes with a finger; the Western concert flute, a transverse side-blown flute of European origin.
A piece of music for one or more solo instruments and orchestra.
A sudden, often violent expression of emotion or activity.
A prediction, especially one made by a prophet or under divine inspiration.
A craft involving pulling yarn, thread, or floss through a canvas mesh to produce a decorative design.
