Characteristic qualities of a bigot: (especially religious or racial) intolerant prejudice, opinionatedness, or fanaticism; fanatic intolerance.
To eject something violently (such as lava or water, as from a volcano or geyser).
To damage or vandalize something, especially a surface, in a visible or conspicuous manner.
A small dwelling characteristic of the frontier, especially when built from logs with simple tools and not constructed by professional builders, but by those who meant to live in it.
Extreme shortage of food in a region.
A device or weapon for throwing or launching large objects, such as a mechanical aid on aircraft carriers designed to help airplanes take off from the flight deck.
A great flood or rain.
To make into a mummy, by preserving a dead body.
An object placed against or under another, to support it; anything that supports.
To destroy an article of clothing etc. by shredding.
Cloudy diffused matter such as mist, steam or fumes suspended in the air.
A psychiatric diagnosis denoting a persistent, often chronic, mental illness characterised by abnormal perception, thinking, behavior and emotion, often marked by delusions.
A state of reduced consciousness or sensibility.
Any of the diverse group of eukaryotes, of the phylum Protozoa, that are primarily unicellular, existing singly or aggregating into colonies, are usually nonphotosynthetic, and are often classified further into phyla according to their capacity for and means of motility, as by pseudopods, flagella, or cilia.
A member of the genus Amoeba of unicellular protozoa that moves by means of temporary projections called pseudopodia.
An oval-shaped protozoan organism of the genus Paramecium.
(usually uncountable) A plant (Cyperus papyrus) in the sedge family, native to the Nile river valley.
A thin bed cloth used as a covering for a mattress or as a layer over the sleeper.
The contents of a cell except for the nucleus. It includes cytosol, organelles, vesicles, and the cytoskeleton.
(of a model or replica) Of the same size, scale, or proportions as an original object.
A military aircraft designed to carry and drop bombs.
One who lived prior to Noah's Flood.
(heading) Military action.
(grammar) A type of noun that refers anaphorically to another noun or noun phrase, but which cannot ordinarily be preceded by a determiner and rarely takes an attributive adjective. English examples include I, you, him, who, me, my, each other.
Occurring before marriage; antenuptial.
A feeler organ on the head of an insect, crab, or other animal.
An enclosed windowed chair suitable for a single occupant, carried by at least two porters, in equal numbers in front and behind, using wooden rails that passed through metal brackets on the sides of the chair.
Any thing or person that retains.
Anything worn on the head, such as a helmet.
A strip of material used for strengthening or coupling.
To tangle up; to twist or interweave in such a manner as not to be easily separated
Fixed or unchanging; steady.
One who breaks (violates) the law, a criminal.
The impression of the foot in a soft substance such as sand or snow.
A storage closet either separate from, or built into, a wall.
A going of the rounds along the chain of sentinels and between the posts, by a guard, usually consisting of three or four men, to insure greater security from attacks on the outposts.
Any of the birds, such as ducks, geese and swans, that spend most of their non-flying time on water; especially those of the family Anatidae.
With zealous fervor; excited, motivated.
God!
The shell or husk, especially of grains (e.g. corn/maize) or nuts (e.g. walnuts).
To reduce in size or number.
Difficulty in swallowing.
Difficult or labored respiration; shortness of breath.
Loss of or deficiency in the power to use or understand language as a result of injury or disease of the brain.
To take away humanity; to remove or deny human qualities, characteristics, or attributes; to impersonalize.
Without color; pale; pallid.
To weaken; to affect negatively; to have a diminishing effect on.
The state of being reversed.
Capable of being irritated.
A person, animal or plant living at a certain location or in a certain area.
A complaint, a grumble, a fit of ill-humor.
Nervous; anxious; excited or excitable.
Resembling a nightmare.
Visibly irritated or annoyed; grouchy, irritable, in a foul mood; given to complaining or finding fault in an annoyed way.
A bird, usually black, of the genus Corvus, having a strong conical beak, with projecting bristles; it has a harsh, croaking call.
A male domestic chicken (Gallus gallus domesticus) or other gallinaceous bird.
Obviously true, and requiring no proof, argument or explanation.
An act or practice intended to deceive; a trick.
Of the same origin as claimed; genuine.
An instance of plucking.
A small cart, normally with two or four wheels, that can be pushed by hand.
A guarantee that a certain outcome or obligation will be fulfilled; security.
To use the foot to kick (usually a ball).
A warning.
Anything having substance; an essential part.
Serving, or suitable, for defense; defensive, defending.
Being in a healthy condition; not deranged; thinking rationally.
Stupid, silly.
Extremely afraid.
The high-pitched bark of a small dog, or similar.
The hair of the sheep, llama and some other ruminants.
