An incident, action, or time period standing out by itself, but more or less connected with a complete series of events.
A short period of excessive consumption, especially of food, alcohol, narcotics, etc.
A temporary loss of consciousness.
Stupid person; fool
To cause (someone) pain, suffering or distress.
A person who talks too much or too loudly, especially in a boastful or self-important manner.
To recover ownership of something by buying it back.
A sensory perception of something that does not exist, often arising from disorder of the nervous system, as in delirium tremens; a delusion.
A hallucinogenic alkaloid, C12H15N2O·H2PO3, present in several species of Central American mushroom and producing effects similar to LSD. The prodrug of psilocin.
A hallucinogenic and intoxicating compound present in the peyote cactus (Lophophora williamsii), the San Pedro cactus (Echinopsis pachanoi), and the Peruvian torch (Echinopsis peruviana).
A small, spineless cactus (Lophophora williamsii) found from southwest United States to central Mexico that produces buttonlike tubercles that can be chewed for its psychedelic effect, primarily from the drug mescaline.
Any member of the family Cactaceae, a family of flowering New World succulent plants suited to a hot, semi-desert climate.
One who is holding a captive or captives.
One who has been captured or is otherwise confined.
To attract and hold interest and attention of; charm.
A load of goods that is transported by any method (not just by ship)
To study or examine carefully, especially in order to gain knowledge of; to learn, or learn by heart.
A shallow pit or other edged depression in a road's surface, especially when caused by erosion by weather or traffic.
Any alteration or change.
A tiny spot, especially of dirt etc.
An instrument from which a liquid is forcefully ejected in a small, quick stream.
Deficiency in amount or quality; a falling short; lack.
A taxi; a taxicab.
The back of any animal; especially the upper or projecting part of the back of a quadruped.
To release a player outright, without conditions.
Words or a formula supposed to have magical powers.
To live longer than; continue to live after the death of; overlive; survive.
A commissioned officer in an armed military organization, typically the highest rank before flag officer ranks (generals). It is generally found in armies, air forces or naval infantry (marines).
To take hold of, particularly with the hand.
The room where a group of people (especially the board of a company or organization) conducts its meetings
A perceived threat or danger.
In a wrong or unknown and wrongly-motivated direction.
A brilliant red colour tinged with orange.
A female adulterer, a married woman or wife who commits adultery.
An abrupt outburst.
Relating to an orgy; uncontrolled, wild.
Intense pleasure.
A shrine dedicated to some prophetic deity.
A drinking vessel with a foot and stem.
A female follower of Dionysus, associated with intense reveling.
Either of two parts that fit together, or complement one another.
Having wings.
A skittering movement.
That which impels or gives an impulse; an impelling agent.
High, tall, having great height or stature
Playing at courtship; coquetry.
Straightforward, obvious, simple, or basic.
