(with definite article) Something absent, especially absent people collectively; those who were or are not there.
an act of opposition, sometimes using violence, by many people in one area of a country against those who are in power.
happening or moving quickly or within a short time, especially in a smooth and easy way.
Having the form of a human
A fictitious narrative intended to enforce some useful truth or precept, usually with animals, etc. as characters; an apologue. Prototypically, Aesop's Fables.
a member of the most developed and intelligent group of mammals, including humans, monkeys, and apes.
Located at the rear (most often said of animals' body parts).
relating to human society at a very early stage of development, with people living in a simple way without machines or a writing system.
An intent or purpose; a why.
The study of the past by excavation and analysis of its material remains:
A grouch or killjoy.
The tales, legends and superstitions of a particular ethnic population.
To eat quickly, greedily, hungrily, or ravenously.
Someone who is possessed is thought to be controlled by an evil spirit.
A competitor (person, team, company, etc.) with the same goal as another, or striving to attain the same thing. Defeating a rival may be a primary or necessary goal of a competitor.
Rehabilitation, especially to treat the use of recreational drugs.
A person who is insane or mentally unstable, madman.
A style of humor marked by broad improbabilities with little regard to regularity or method.
lacking stability or steadiness: easily upset or easily excited.
(usually with "the") Supernatural affairs.
expressing opinions strongly and demanding attention or action.
Active strength or force of body or mind; capacity for exertion, physically, intellectually, or morally; energy.
carrying or performed by a person.
That which makes smooth; varnish.
An embankment to prevent inundation; as, the levees along the Mississippi.
To surgically remove a part of the body, especially a limb
a particular government or a system or method of government.
Not occupied; empty.
the basic principles and laws of a nation, state, or social group that determine the powers and duties of the government and guarantee certain rights to the people in it.
A representative symbol, such as a trademark or logo.
The rank, status, power or authority of a monarch; the people who belong to the family of a king and queen.
Shine, polish or sparkle.
The act or solemnity of crowning a sovereign; the act of investing a prince with the insignia of royalty, on his succeeding to the sovereignty.
a person who makes an impassioned and sustained effort to bring about social or political changes.
A piece of wood or other material, usually long and slender, pointed at one end so as to be easily driven into the ground as a marker or a support or stay.
Deeply serious and somber.
That branch of government which is responsible for making, or having the power to make, a law or laws.
A vent or similar passage to allow the escape of something.
A short race at top speed.
a long stick with a pointed end that is thrown in sports competitions.
A round plate-like object that is thrown for sport.
An automatic response to a simple stimulus which does not require mental processing.
A relatively rare or difficult accomplishment.
The act of arising from the dead and becoming alive again.
A missionary, or leader of a religious mission, especially one in the early Christian Church (but see Apostle).
to pass from a higher place or level to a lower one.
a group of people who have come together in a religious building for worship and prayer.
a religious group that has slightly different beliefs from other groups that share the same religion.
To go beyond, especially in a metaphoric or technical manner; to exceed.
belonging to one of the Protestant Churches or Christian groups that believes that the teaching of the Bible and persuading other people to join them is extremely important.
