(stative) to be more in number than somebody or something.
A unit of thirty to forty soldiers typically commanded by a lieutenant and forming part of a company.
A rope or cord tied up outdoors to hang clothes on so they can dry.
Full of virtue, having excellent moral character.
Any of a number of festivals held just before the beginning of Lent.
To make taut; to tauten, to tighten.
To combine through weaving.
A musician who plays the organ.
A musical instrument with a keyboard that produces sound through a mechanical process. When the performer presses a key, a corresponding plectrum plucks a tuned string. Harpsichord originated in late medieval Europe and is one of the most important instruments used to perform Baroque music.
Something that is marginal.
The art or occupation of a mason.
A person who stinks.
The lower of two hands, the hand under the work.
Someone who practices mysticism.
A small community, often rural, whose members share in the ownership of property, and in the division of labour; the members of such a community.
To make known in a formal manner; to proclaim; to announce; to declare.
Self-assurance.
Very intellectually capable.
A small, wingless, parasitic insect of the order Siphonaptera, renowned for its bloodsucking habits and jumping abilities.
A hollow place in the earth; an abyss; a deep chasm or basin.
A founder of a colony.
A room, or section, or chamber
The sesamoid bone of the knee; the kneecap.
The flat, roundish bone in the knee.
To place bias upon; to influence.
A decision on an issue of fact in a civil or criminal case or an inquest.
An agent of one intelligence agency or group who pretends to be interested in defecting or turning to another intelligence agency or group.
To have or express as an opinion; to opine.
To give or bestow (e.g. a quality or property).
To discharge; to end the employment or service of.
Equipment or paraphernalia, especially that used for an athletic endeavor.
Shoulder.
A rigid implement, often roughly y-shaped, that is fixed to one's heel for the purpose of prodding a horse. Often worn by, and emblematic of, the cowboy or the knight.
A grizzly bear.
A journey undertaken to accomplish some task.
A liquid from a plant, especially fruit.
To make into a liquid.
A device designed to be placed in the mouth and blown, or driven by steam or some other mechanism, to make a whistling sound.
Unique, such that it cannot be mistaken for something else.
Something which is fair (in various senses of the adjective).
A derisive cry or shout.
A carousel; a pleasure ride, typically found at fairs and amusement parks, consisting of a slowly revolving circular platform on which various seats are fixed, frequently shaped like horses or other animals.
Something twisted, intertwined, or curled.
Canis latrans, a species of canine native to North America.
The largest member of the deer family (Alces americanus, sometimes included in Alces alces), of which the male has very large, palmate antlers.
Any of several carrion-eating birds of the families Accipitridae and Cathartidae.
Land covered with woody vegetation.
Conduct that playfully causes petty annoyance.
A design involving flowers
A small flower, especially one of a cluster in a composite flower.
A monocotyledonous plant (Allium cepa), allied to garlic, used as vegetable and spice.
To be very tall.
A thin skin membrane that covers and moves over an eye.
A narrow channel of water connecting two larger bodies of water.
A swirling body of water.
A small, ugly goblin that makes trouble for humans.
A small, mischievous sprite, or a malevolent supernatural creature, somewhat comparable to a demon but smaller and less powerful.
Any species of the extinct genus Mammuthus, of large, usually hairy, elephant-like mammals with long curved tusks and an inclined back, which became extinct with the last retreat of ice age glaciers during the late Pleistocene period, and are known from fossils, frozen carcasses, and Paleolithic cave paintings found in North America and Eurasia.
A situation of serious and immediate danger.
The condition of being ferocious.
To keep (a physical object that one has obtained) to oneself rather than giving it back to its owner.
In an eerie manner.
Any of the species of fish in the family Toxotidae (sole genus Toxotes), who prey on small animals near to the surface of a water by shooting them with water from their mouths.
A collimated stream, spurt or flow of liquid or gas from a pressurized container, an engine, etc.
