A delegate.
the winning of an election with an extremely large number of votes.
Farm animals; animals domesticated for cultivation.
A sudden transient rush, flood or increase.
The notional area of land able to be farmed in a year by a team of 8 oxen pulling a carruca plow, usually reckoned at 120 acres.
Mud or fine earth deposited from running or standing water.
a car that is specially built or changed so that it will go very fast.
Alert and paying close attention; watchful.
strongly believing in religion, and living in a way that shows this belief.
not able to be punished, criticized, or changed in any way.
In the middle of; in the center of; surrounded by.
A patch of land adjoining a church, often used as a graveyard.
The crime of betraying one’s own country.
To end a law, system, institution, custom or practice.
To that place.
A writer and creator of theatrical plays.
to prevent something from happening, being expressed, or continuing.
The action of yawning; opening the mouth widely and taking a long, rather deep breath, often because one is tired or bored.
with the edge upwards or forwards; on one side.
a person who talks too much about boring things.
A place where the dead are buried; a graveyard or memorial park.
Tediously long in speaking; consuming much time; unnecessarily verbose.
Having a glow or lustre.
an official group of people who have been given responsibility to control something, or to find out about something, usually for the government.
Marked by extreme and violent energy.
involving or able to perform difficult and attractive body movements.
A musical instrument of the brass family, generally tuned to the key of B-flat; by extension, any type of lip-vibrated aerophone, most often valveless and not chromatic.
a competition in the Middle Ages between knights on horseback fighting to show courage and skill.
Of, relating to, or belonging to a city, a citizen, or citizenship; municipal or civil.
Having a broad range, scope, or influence.
A green iguana (Iguana iguana), a large tropical American lizard often kept as a pet
a large farm, especially in North America or Australia, where cows, horses, sheep, etc. are bred (= kept in order to produce young).
having strong muscles.
a public competition, especially in the US, in which people show their skill at riding wild horses and catching cattle with ropes.
basic or main; standard or regular.
Fired ceramic wares that contain clay when formed.
a usually small building near to and on the same piece of land as a larger building.
too many things that arrive or happen at the same time.
Change the appearance of something/someone to the negative.
A place for storing large amounts of products. In logistics, a place where products go to from the manufacturer before going to the retailer.
The administration of a medication etc, in a measured amount; dosing.
A characteristic style of preparing food, often associated with a place of origin.
extremely happy or excited.
a large North American bird that eats fish.
A small added amount of colour; (by extension) a small added amount of some other thing.
An implement having a semicircular blade and short handle, used for cutting long grass and cereal crops.
Gushing; effusive and often emotional.
The highest point.
strange and unpleasant, especially in a silly or slightly frightening way.
A paved outside area, adjoining a house, used for dining or recreation.
(of a building) having the number of levels mentioned.
(plural "villas") A house, often larger and more expensive than average, in the countryside or on the coast, often used as a retreat.
To place on or into a physical location.
If you are shackled by something, it prevents you from doing what you want to do.
cruel and unfair.
One crowned with laurel, such as a poet laureate or Nobel laureate.
To divide into or assign sections or areas.
A local law
Illuminated by sunlight.
In the Anglican, Eastern Orthodox, Lutheran and Roman Catholic Church, an administrative part of a diocese that has its own church.
something that is achieved, especially by reducing the power or success of something else.
of or relating to a political system in which the government has complete control over the people.
An amphibian, a kind of frog (order Anura) with shorter hindlegs and a drier, wartier skin, many in family Bufonidae.
To transition from a liquid state into a gaseous state
a woman who is thought to be sexually attractive and trying to control men.
The sum of all attributes that are feminine or convey womanhood.
having no legal or binding force.
The edge of the paper, typically left blank when printing but sometimes used for annotations etc.
to make food or a meal very quickly and easily.
a pleasant place under the branches of a tree in a wood or garden.
