A built-in function that is implemented directly by the compiler, without any intermediate call to a library.
The vocabulary of a language.
Rhyming verse (poetic form)
A copper washer upon which the end of a nail is clinched in boatbuilding.
A kind of coarse woolen cloth or stuff with a shaggy or tufted (friezed) nap on one side.
Low moral standards.
Type of singing done generally without instruments and harmony.
Living one's life at sea.
A unit of measure, consisting of 10 of some object, particularly hides and skins.
A stable suspension of small droplets of one liquid in another with which it is immiscible.
An erratic, unpredictable occurrence or action.
Having a slippery surface; having a surface covered with grease.
A special mark added to a letter to indicate a different pronunciation, stress, tone, or meaning.
Burdensome or hindering, as a weight or drag; vexatious
Of or relating to a dialect.
One who writes or compiles a dictionary
To spell again.
A design or picture produced in order to be transferred to another surface either permanently or temporarily.
A dull, yellowish-brown colour, the colour of dust.
In a due, fit, or becoming manner; as it ought to be; properly.
A regular three-dimensional object in which every cross-section is a circle; the figure described by the revolution of a circle about its diameter .
From side to side; across.
A device for grasping an object and an attached means of moving it, as a rope and hook.
To instruct, train (usually in matters of knowledge).
The act or process of transcribing.
An act of uttering.
A thin, slippery mix of clay and water.
A medieval punctuation mark similar to the slash ⟨/⟩ or pipe ⟨|⟩ and used as a scratch comma and caesura mark.
A typeface in which the letters slant to the right.
A sound that results from the passage of air through restrictions of the oral cavity; any sound that is not the dominant sound of a syllable, the dominant sound generally being a vowel.
A minor distinction.
The act of syllabifying; syllabification.
To leave out or omit (something).
A font that is dark, having a high ratio of ink to white space, written or drawn with thick strong lines.
A symbol resembling a horizontal line (–), sometimes together with one or two dots (for example, ⨪ or ÷), which was used in ancient manuscripts and texts to mark a word or passage as doubtful or spurious, or redundant; an obelisk.
A dome-shaped ornamental structure located on top of a larger roof or dome.
To touch by means of a mutual border, edge or end; to border on; to lie adjacent (to); to be contiguous (said of an area of land)
The quality of lacking variety or excitement.
A seabird of the genus Larus or of the family Laridae.
The core, central part of something, around which other elements are assembled.
One that merges.
Indicating thinking or pondering.
The smallest linguistic unit within a word that can carry a meaning.
The vibrating sound made by a cat in its throat when contented.
A device to restrain speech, such as a rag in the mouth secured with tape or a rubber ball threaded onto a cord or strap.
Aerodynamics.
The great artery which carries the blood from the heart to all parts of the body except the lungs; the main trunk of the arterial system.
A curtain; a drapery.
A piece or point of land, extending beyond the adjacent coast into a sea or lake; a promontory; a headland.
A complex vowel sound that begins with the sound of one vowel and ends with the sound of another vowel, in the same syllable.
Area which is lower than surrounding areas.
A vowel (in the sense of a sound rather than a letter of the alphabet) that has the same sound throughout its pronunciation, such as the short vowels in "pap", "pep", "pip", "pop" and "pup", as opposed to a diphthong (eg, /aɪ/, the vowel in "pipe") or a triphthong (eg, /aɪə/, the sound in the non-rhotic pronunciation of "pyre").
A simple bed, especially one for portable or temporary purposes.
A small bag or pouch.
Anything that encircles the neck.
The harsh cry of a crow.
The person who makes a telephone call.
Large enough to be estimated; perceptible; considerable.
Any of various aromatic resins exuded from certain plants, especially trees of the genus Commiphora of Africa, Arabia and India and Myroxylon of South America.
The nocturnal, insectivorous, burrowing, mammal Orycteropus afer, of the order Tubulidentata, somewhat resembling a pig, common in some parts of sub-Saharan Africa.
A marketplace, particularly in the Middle East and South Asia, and often covered with shops and stalls.
No Definitions Found
The removal of sediment caused by swiftly moving water.
No Definitions Found
Any of two or more alternative pronunciations for a phoneme.
An act of striking with a beak.
(‘the bare’) The surface, the (bare) skin.
A stroke; a blow.
Resembling meal (the foodstuff).
Glove; mitten
A body of standing water, such as a lake or a pond. More specifically, it can refer to a lake that is broad in relation to its depth. Also included in place names such as Windermere.
The lining of the large stomach of ruminating animals, when prepared for food.
A sound produced by the vocal cords with relatively little restriction of the oral cavity, forming the prominent sound of a syllable.
To make English, as to customs, culture, pronunciation, spelling, or style.
Race; family; breed; kind.
A lake.
A man with a reputation for fine dress and etiquette; a dandy or fop.
A place on the coast at which ships can shelter, or dock to load and unload cargo or passengers.
A linguistic sound other than a stop.
No Definitions Found
An alveolar consonant
A rapid alternation between an indicated note and the one above it, in musical notation usually indicated with the letters tr written above the staff.
A sound articulated with the uvula.
A mostly herbivorous insect of the order Orthoptera, noted for its ability to jump long distances and for the habit of some species communicating by stridulation; they are related to but distinct from crickets.
A work or performance that imitates another work or performance with ridicule or irony.
A sound made with the glottis
The substance formerly supposed to fill the upper regions of the atmosphere above the clouds, in particular as a medium breathed by deities.
A palatal consonant.
A blue colour on a coat of arms, represented in engraving by horizontal parallel lines.
An English measure of capacity for liquids, containing 63 wine gallons, or about 52 1/2 imperial gallons; a half pipe.
