Ancient times; faraway history; former ages
A person who helps a group to have an effective dialog without taking any side of the argument, especially in order to reach a consensus.
Financially ruined, bankrupt.
No Definitions Found
A heavy or helpless collapse; a slouching or drooping posture; a period of poor activity or performance, especially an extended period.
Strangely unconventional in style or appearance.
Any of numerous marine plants and algae, such as a kelp.
To cause to feel apprehension; great sadness, or fear; to deprive of energy
A form of viewing device that allows the viewer to see things at a different height level and usually with minimal visibility.
Any substance in its natural state.
The tube that carries food from the pharynx to the stomach.
A cut, especially one made by a scalpel or similar medical tool in the context of surgical operation; the scar resulting from such a cut.
A strip of wood or iron fastened on transversely to something in order to give strength, prevent warping, hold position, etc.
A device to assist in motion as a cane, especially one that provides support under the arm to reduce weight on a leg.
A wandering homeless person, especially one illegally travelling by rail or a penniless, unemployed bum.
(sometimes derogatory) A homeless person; a vagabond.
Payment for transportation.
The handle of a pan.
The horizontal member protruding from the base of a window frame
A point source from which radiation is emitted.
The art or science of making and flying aircraft.
A frame consisting of two bars crossing each other at right angles and turning on a post or pin, to hinder the passage of animals, but admitting a person to pass between the arms; a turnstile.
A booth on a toll road or toll bridge where the toll is collected.
To sublimate.
An enthusiastic review (such as of a play).
A kind or helpful deed; an instance of voluntarily assisting (someone).
A word drawn from or imitative of technical jargon, and often rendered meaningless and fashionable through abuse by non-technical persons in a seeming show of familiarity with the subject.
To hit or strike violently and repeatedly.
A bill; a commercial document issued by a seller to a buyer indicating the products, quantities and agreed prices for products or services that the seller has already provided the buyer with. An invoice indicates that, unless paid in advance, payment is due by the buyer to the seller, according to the agreed terms.
Something that sticks out.
An infectious disease caused by species of Lyssavirus that causes acute encephalitis in warm-blooded animals and people, characterised by abnormal behaviour such as biting, excitement, aggressiveness, and dementia, followed by paralysis and death.
A sufferer from poliomyelitis.
To bite something persistently, especially something tough.
The release of a former prisoner under condition of compliance with specific terms.
Tending to creak
A decrepit motor car.
A low- to medium-viscosity topical preparation intended for application to unbroken skin.
An act or instance of bursting.
A solid disk or cylinder that fits inside a hollow cylinder, and moves under pressure (as in an engine) or displaces fluid (as in a pump)
A rotating shaft that drives (or is driven by) a crank.
A payment.
One who, or that which, slams.
Any of more than 28 types of glycoprotein that form elongated fibers, usually found in the extracellular matrix of connective tissue.
To afflict with paralysis.
Of, relating to, existing on, or affecting the exterior skin, especially the cutis
An animal having a backbone.
A paste applied to the skin for healing or cosmetic purposes.
The body of a dead animal.
A dummy, or life-size model of the human body, used for the fitting or displaying of clothes
A small bubble between the layers of the skin that contains watery or bloody fluid and is caused by friction and pressure, burning, freezing, chemical irritation, disease or infection.
An incrustation over a sore, wound, vesicle, or pustule, formed during healing.
The practice of marrying or requiring to marry within one's own ethnic, religious, or social group.
Any substance produced by one tissue and conveyed by the bloodstream to another to effect physiological activity.
Any substance that is secreted by an organism
(poetical) Pure water.
The pituitary gland.
The field of medicine concerned with the study, diagnosis and treatment of conditions of the teeth and oral cavity.
A substance or preparation for rendering cloth, leather, etc., impervious to water.
A mocking remark or reflection.
An opaque, glassy coating baked onto metal or ceramic objects.
