quick, energetic, and active.
something that a person has said or written that is very true or very wise.
An unintelligent person.
an experienced politician, especially one who is respected for making good judgments.
a small mistake in an agreement or law that gives someone the chance to avoid having to do something.
A group of singers and dancers in the religious festivals of ancient Greece.
A rock of crystalline limestone.
​a small statue of a person or an animal.
A mineral occurring in tetragonal crystals, usually of a brown or grey colour and consisting of silica and zirconia.
A person who sells, makes, repairs, alters, cleans, or otherwise deals in clothing made of fur.
to change the colour of something using a special liquid.
Any thick liquid that has a high sugar content and which is added to or poured over food as a flavouring.
A risky or daring undertaking or journey.
A disguise or covering up.
A draught administered to an animal.
To catch in a trap or snare.
Pompous; snobbish; inclined to turn up one's nose
A runner at the front or ahead.
An asterism, an arbitrary formation of stars perceived as a figure or pattern, or a division of the sky including it, especially one officially recognised by astronomers.
One who studies or practices astrology.
To dislike intensely; to loathe.
To detest, hate, revile.
A semiprofessional person.
A vessel used for churning, especially for producing butter.
A frame or framework.
A person who plots.
A brief religious service.
To astonish, bewilder or dazzle.
A person who assumes an identity or quality other than their own.
The act of establishing; a ratifying or ordaining; settlement; confirmation.
An organization founded to promote a cause
A bag stitched to an item of clothing, used for carrying small items.
A cutting tool consisting of a slim, oblong block of metal with a sharp wedge or bevel formed on one end. It may be provided with a handle at the other end. It is used to remove parts of stone, wood or metal by placing the sharp edge against the material to be cut and pushing or pounding the other end with a hammer or mallet.
The money originally invested or loaned, on which basis interest and returns are calculated.
The act of dedicating or the state of being dedicated.
A fallacious objection to an argument or factual claim by appealing to a characteristic or belief of the person making the argument or claim, rather than by addressing the substance of the argument or producing evidence against the claim; an attempt to argue against an opponent's idea by discrediting the opponent himself or herself.
Statements made by a witness in court.
A game of chance, in which a small ball is made to move round rapidly on a circle divided off into numbered red and black spaces, the one on which it stops indicating the result of a variety of wagers permitted by the game.
An excess of logs being conveyed on a river, so that their motion halts.
To rest on one's bent knees, sometimes only one; to move to such a position.
A broad, shallow injury left by scraping (rather than a cut or a scratch).
An interruption to the regular flow or sequence of something.
The claw of a predatory animal or bird.
One of the simple machines; a sheave, a wheel with a grooved rim, in which a pulled rope or chain lifts an object (more useful when two or more pulleys are used together, as in a block and tackle arrangement, such that a small force moving through a greater distance can exert a larger force through a smaller distance).
(except in generalized senses below) A crowbar.
To take something away from (someone) and keep it away; to deny someone something.
The outer skin of a citrus fruit, used as a flavouring or garnish.
A period of time at the end of day when the sun is below the horizon but before the full onset of night, especially the darker part of twilight.
A dried grape.
A utensil in the shape of an inverted hollow cone terminating in a narrow pipe, for channeling liquids or granular material; typically used when transferring said substances from any container into ones with a significantly smaller opening.
Having many mountains; characterized by mountains; of the nature of a mountain; rough (terrain); rocky.
Small fragments of rock, used for laying on the beds of roads and railways, and as ballast.
A vine in the gourd family, Cucumis sativus.
The feeling, or spirit of being defiant.
A vehicle, such as a bicycle, whose wheels are fitted with pneumatic tyres.
Unable to reproduce (or procreate).
The element with atomic number 92 and symbol U: a radioactive silvery-grey metal in the actinide series.
A flammable liquid ranging in color from clear to very dark brown and black, consisting mainly of hydrocarbons, occurring naturally in deposits under the Earth's surface
To refill; to renew; to supply again or to add a fresh quantity to.
The water supply system of a town etc., including reservoirs, pumps and pipes.
A piece of armor that covers the chest.
To lay up in store; deposit for safe keeping; to stow or place; to put something somewhere.
An often childish display or fit of bad temper.
The part of a country which borders or faces another country or unsettled region
A social gathering of several friends who get together to drink before going out to a party or a sports game. The goal of pre-gaming is to "get a buzz" before going out for the night.
One of the triune goddesses of the Lady in Wicca alongside the Crone and Mother representing a girl or a young woman
