A type or way of weaving.
a cloth made by hand or machine.
a place or situation in which different cultures or styles can mix together to produce something new and exciting.
excellent.
Strange, weird, fear-inspiring.
A field or pasture; a piece of land covered or cultivated with grass, usually intended to be mown for hay.
to (cause animals to) eat grass.
A large or disorderly group of people; especially one bent on riotous or destructive action.
the time and the place in which the action of a book, film, play, etc. happens.
One who welds, or unites pieces of iron, etc., by welding.
a factory in which a particular product is made or power is produced.
the side of something.
The abnormal hardening of body tissues, such as an artery.
Having an attitude or bearing that connotes respectability and poise.
First-rate; of the highest quality; exceptionally good.
A headwaiter.
One who brownnoses; one who sucks up; a bootlicker, ass-kisser, sycophant.
If a criticism, insult, remark, or action is uncalled-for, it is unfair, rude, or unkind and therefore considered to be unnecessary.
behaviour in which someone prefers to be alone and does not want to talk to other people.
to quickly spread through and influence an area.
A portable percussive power tool that combines a hammer and chisel used to drill or break hard matter, for instance rock or concrete.
Dietary fibre.
to do very well in an exam.
The male ruler of a barony.
A nobleman in England, France, and Germany, of a rank next below that of duke, but above a count. Originally, the marquis was an officer whose duty was to guard the marches or frontiers of the kingdom. The office has ceased, and the name is now a mere title conferred by letters patent or letters close.
To criticize or malign, especially unfairly or spitefully.
The world of the dead, located underneath the world of the living; the afterlife.
To command, rule over; to possess or own.
A set of pieces that work together in unison as a mechanism or device.
A trader who sells goods in a shop, or by retail, in distinction from one who sells by wholesale, or sells door to door.
A loud noise; a cacophony or loud commotion.
a person whose job is to check text before it is printed or put online.
at the time stated and no later.
One who performs surgery; a doctor who performs operations on people or animals.
Doubt, apprehension, a feeling of dread
A feeling of apprehension, doubt, fear etc.
Sway unsteadily, reel, or totter.
A large mass of stone detached from the surrounding land.
compared with the fact that; but.
the leader of a country.
Call, command, order
Occurring between galaxies.
(Western Australia) A barmaid who wears little clothing.
To remove air or some other gas from within an elastic container, e.g. a balloon or tyre
An insignificant puncture made by a pin or similar point.
a type of food consisting usually of meat or fish and vegetables cooked slowly in a small amount of liquid.
The drink of the gods.
connected with a god, or like a god.
to put oil or water on somebody’s head or body as part of a religious ceremony.
A loud calling or crying out, for example as in surprise, pain, grief, joy, anger, etc.
A person who explores or prospects an area in search of mineral deposits, such as gold.
Something that motivates, rouses, or encourages.
an idea or opinion.
A medical condition in which the sufferer experiences seizures (or convulsions) and blackouts.
An item of sentimental value, to remember an event or location.
Any low, indistinct sound, like that of running water.
Used to express sorrow, regret, compassion or grief.
Great sadness or distress; a misfortune causing such sadness.
A precious stone, especially an orient pearl.
Preoccupation with oneself to the exclusion of everything else.
The quality of being genuine or not corrupted from the original.
A person having many diverse activities or responsibilities.
One who works in or with lead.
A hump; a protuberance.
