Any of the poisonous umbelliferous plants, of the genera
A homogeneous mixture, which may be liquid, gas or solid, formed by dissolving one or more substances.
Any plant of the genus Rheum, especially Rheum rhabarbarum, having large leaves and long green or reddish acidic leafstalks that are edible, in particular when cooked (although the leaves are mildly poisonous).
Any plant regarded as unwanted at the place where, and at the time when it is growing.
A plant, Strychnos toxifera, formerly used in arrow poisons in South America due to its D-tubocurarine content
The herb wolfsbane, or monkshood; any plant of the genus Aconitum, all the species of which are poisonous.
A drug or other agent that promotes relaxation.
An insult or slight.
Poisoning caused by the toxin from Clostridium botulinum, a type of anaerobic bacteria that grows in improperly prepared food.
A poison carried by an animal, usually injected into an enemy or prey by biting or stinging.
Thin typing paper used to make multiple copies.
The condition of being sane.
An acute, highly infectious often fatal disease caused by Variola virus of the family Poxviridae. It was completely eradicated in the 1970s. Those who survived were left with pockmarks.
The leaves of plants.
A competition in which participants compete for a determination that one is the most physically attractive.
Any compound containing the -C≡N radical or the C≡N-1 anion.
A course of violent, frenzied action.
No Definitions Found
The region back of the knee joint; the popliteal space; the hock.
A mechanical device used to increase the torque of gears.
One who, or that which, propels.
A cap that fits the head closely, usually knitted from wool.
To stun or stupefy, for example with bright light, with a blow, with cold, or with fear
A funeral pile; a combustible heap on which corpses are burned.
Showy; visually impressive, attention-getting, or appealing.
The royal poinciana (Delonix regia), a showy tropical tree.
An open, horse-drawn carriage for one or two people, usually with one horse and two wheels.
A waiting room in an office, airport etc.
The south.
In the long direction of an oblong object.
Crossing; lying across
(usually in the plural) The tip of the toe.
The quality or state of being peculiar; individuality; singularity.
To stop, in speaking, with a sound like haw; to speak with interruption and hesitation.
A sudden, nonrhythmic motor movement or vocalization.
A difficulty.
Any bird of the family Gruidae, large birds with long legs and a long neck which is extended during flight.
A daring or dangerous feat, often involving the display of gymnastic skills.
A person who rides a skateboard.
A board, somewhat like a broad ski, or a very long skateboard with no wheels, used in the sport of snowboarding.
The decayed remains of organic matter that has rotted into a natural fertilizer.
Animal excrement, especially that of common domestic farm animals and when used as fertilizer. Generally speaking, from cows, horses, sheep, pigs and chickens.
An exposed plumbing fitting; a tap or spigot; a regulator for controlling the flow of a liquid from a reservoir.
An agreement or contract.
A person who practices mimicry, or mime.
A serious and often fatal disease caused by the infection of an open wound with the anaerobic bacterium Clostridium tetani, found in soil and the intestines and faeces of animals.
(in ancient Rome) A person (professional or slave) who entertained the public by engaging in mortal combat with another, or with a wild animal.
To move or act in a quick fashion.
A person who performs a solo.
A musical piece written typically for a solo voice with orchestral accompaniment in an opera or cantata.
The act of expediting something; prompt execution.
To decay and disappear; to waste away to nothing.
A higher than normal body temperature of a person (or, generally, a mammal), usually caused by disease.
The action of trying at something.
Any domestic animal that has no enclosure, or its proper place and company, and wanders at large, or is lost; an estray.
A person who tends sheep, especially a grazing flock.
To stay or remain in a place or situation, especially as if unwilling to depart or not easily able to do so; to loiter.
Voluntary agreement or permission.
Of, relating to, written for, or performed by a choir or a chorus.
A song of praise or worship.
Worthy of, or causing, abhorrence, as a thing of evil omen; odious in the utmost degree; very hateful; detestable; loathsome; execrable.
Like a ghost in appearance; death-like; pale; pallid; dismal.
(said of a man) To flirt with and/or seduce, or attempt to seduce, women, especially lecherously.
(Greek, Roman) Any female nature spirit associated with water, forests, grotto, wind, etc.
Any of various types of tall stiff perennial grass-like plants growing together in groups near water.
A literary device of writing or art which principally ridicules its subject often as an intended means of provoking or preventing change. Humor, irony, and exaggeration are often used to aid this.
A fortified place; a large and permanent fortification, sometimes including a town; for example a fort, a castle; a stronghold; a place of defense or security.
To enlarge an object by pushing air (or a gas) into it; to raise or expand abnormally
The act of gliding.
A quick breathing; a catching of the breath; a gasp.
Roughly or hastily laid out; intended for later refinement.
To avoid, especially persistently.
