(of an image etc) not clearly defined or not having a sharp outline; faint or dim
A trembling or shaking.
The tissue of the skin underlying the epidermis.
No Definitions Found
A thin, spirally coiling stem that attaches a plant to its support.
A tropical plant, Ananas comosus, native to South America, having thirty or more long, spined and pointed leaves surrounding a thick stem.
To render temperate; to moderate
Having qualities of splendor or royalty.
(of an object taller than its width and depth) An inclination away from the vertical.
A component of a circuit that does not show up in a circuit's schematic but does show up in the circuit's behavior.
A current of air, usually coming into a room or vehicle.
The breastbone
The act of taking possession, as by force or right of law.
A person whose abilities are less than normal.
The act of submerging, or the state of being submerged; immersion
To extend in space or length.
A lower section of a road or geological feature.
The act of shivering.
A chamber used for baking or heating.
A device that automatically responds to changes in temperature by activating a heating or cooling system to maintain the temperature at a desired setting.
That stratum of the surface of the soil which is filled with the roots of grass, or any portion of that surface; turf; sward.
(with 'of') Someone who or something that bursts, breaks, or destroys a specified thing.
An upward current of air, especially a strong one
A diurnal predatory bird of the family Accipitridae, smaller than an eagle.
The event of small airborne particles falling to the ground in significant quantities as a result of major industrial activity, volcano eruption, sandstorm, nuclear explosion, etc.
To explode; to blow up. Specifically, to combust supersonically via shock compression.
A heater, a closed apparatus to burn fuel for the warming of a room.
An aliphatic hydrocarbon, C3H8, a constituent of natural gas.
A slight or surface burn.
The hindrance or blockage of the passage of something, for example a fluid, mixture, traffic, people, etc. (due to an excess of this or due to a partial or complete obstruction), resulting in overfilling or overcrowding.
An animal without vertebrae, i.e. backbone.
Pertaining to mucus
A flexible enclosing or separating tissue forming a plane or film and separating two environments (usually in a plant or animal).
The punctuation mark ":".
Having a dry, harsh tone to the voice, as a result of a sore throat, age, emotion, etc.
Direction.
Free verbal interchange of thoughts or views; conversation; chat.
Rapid circular motion.
A processed secretion of the lac insect, Coccus lacca; used in polishes, varnishes etc.
A thermoplastic resin made by the polymerization of propylene, and used for films, fibres, or moulding materials. Also known as polypropene.
A large open box or basket, used especially to transport fragile goods.
A jointed or flexible device that allows the pivoting of a door etc.
Any of various polymeric resins containing urethane links; used in very many industrial and domestic applications.
A substance, such as glue, that provides or promotes adhesion
A hollow form or matrix for shaping a fluid or plastic substance.
Any polymer whose monomers are linked together by ester bonds
The act of corroding or the condition so produced.
Obeying the laws of society; not a lawbreaker; without a criminal record.
A short twisting or wiggling line or mark
The action or process of perspiring.
An engraved block of wood, especially one used as a printing form.
Tanning liquor, an aqueous extract of vegetable matter (tanbark, sumac, etc.) in a tanning vat used to tan leather.
The small portion remaining of a larger thing or group.
To waste away; to fade, to wither
A posture or gesture of shrinking or recoiling.
A large, flat piece of solid material; a solid object that is large and flat.
A group of igneous and plutonic rocks composed primarily of feldspar and quartz. Usually contains one or more dark minerals, which may be mica, pyroxene, or amphibole. Granite is quarried for building stone, road gravel, decorative stone, and tombstones. Common colors are gray, white, pink, and yellow-brown.
A grass of the Poaceae family, characterised by its woody, hollow, round, straight, jointed stem, all of which are in the Bambuseae tribe.
A ring or hoop suspended by a rope or strap from the saddle, for a horseman's foot while mounting or riding.
A heavy iron block used in the blacksmithing trade as a surface upon which metal can be struck and shaped.
A band worn around the leg to hold up a sock or stocking.
A feeling of dislike, aversion or antipathy.
To sterilize by the use of cleaning agent.
To expel from the bar, or the legal profession; to deprive (an attorney, barrister, or counselor) of his or her status and privileges as such.
An outcast.
A person in desperate circumstances or who is at the point of desperation, such as a down-and-outer, addict, etc.
Any of various limicoline game birds of the genera Gallinago, Lymnocryptes and Coenocorypha in the family Scolopacidae, having a long, slender, nearly straight beak.
The act of prying.
Having to do with athletes.
The art of using language, especially public speaking, as a means to persuade.
A gradual diminution in power, value, intensity etc.
An assistant.
Extremely wicked or cruel.
A murderer who slits the throats of victims.
To sell goods for a lower price than a competitor.
The state in which the player to move is not in check but has no legal moves, resulting in a draw.
Nervy, jumpy, on edge
A rodent of the family Sciuridae, belonging to the group of large ground squirrels known as marmots, Marmota monax.
Any of several African mammals of the family Bovidae distinguished by hollow horns, which, unlike deer, they do not shed.
An Old World monkey of the genus Papio, having dog-like muzzles and large canine teeth, cheek pouches, a short tail, and naked callosities on the buttocks.
An illness caused by overheating a person or animal beyond its body's capacity to regulate internal temperature.
A person who lives on other people's efforts or expense and gives little or nothing back.
