A substance composed of a large collection of bubbles or their solidified remains.
A racquet: an implement with a handle connected to a round frame strung with wire, sinew, or plastic cords, and used to hit a ball, such as in tennis or a birdie in badminton.
No Definitions Found
Something that prevents, hampers, or hinders.
Incapable of being subdued, overcome, or vanquished.
Pompous, officious talk.
A party bringing a suit in civil law against a defendant; accusers.
Careless or heedless; headstrong or rash.
A smile in which the lips are parted to reveal the teeth.
A device that has a helical function.
To annul by an authoritative act; to abolish by the authority of the maker or her or his successor; to repeal; — applied to the repeal of laws, decrees, ordinances, the abolition of customs, etc.
A cleric.
To yield assent; to accord; to acquiesce, agree, consent; to adapt oneself, to conform.
A tone whose frequency is an integer multiple of another; a member of the harmonic series.
A small open boat propelled by oars (by rowing).
A small long and narrow boat, propelled by one or more people (depending on the size of canoe), using single-bladed paddles. The paddlers face in the direction of travel, in either a seated position, or kneeling on the bottom of the boat. Canoes are open on top, and pointed at both ends.
One of the two points in the ecliptic at which the sun is furthest from the celestial equator. This corresponds to one of two days in the year when the day is either longest or shortest.
Articles used in charging firearms and ordnance of all kinds; as powder, balls, shot, shells, percussion caps, rockets, etc.
A military establishment for the storing, development, manufacturing, testing, or repairing of arms, ammunition, and other war materiel; an armoury.
In a violin-family instrument, the carved wooden plug which sits in the bottom block of the instrument.
An energetic trot, slower than a run, often used as a form of exercise.
A piece of land projecting into water from a larger land mass.
To cover something with paving slabs.
A site for mining stone, limestone, or slate.
An abundant rock of marine and fresh-water sediments; primarily composed of calcite (CaCO3); it occurs in a variety of forms, both crystalline and amorphous.
A fine-grained homogeneous sedimentary rock composed of clay or volcanic ash which has been metamorphosed so that it cleaves easily into thin layers.
A shell or husk; a cod or pod.
Any of several species of fish in Salmonidae, closely related to salmon, and distinguished by spawning more than once.
Fruit (especially peach) whose flesh adheres strongly to the pit.
Exposed to the winds.
A hard substance made of the limestone skeletons of marine polyps.
A chain or range of rocks, sand, or coral lying at or near the surface of the water.
A light, thin, flat biscuit/cookie.
The most fertile soil, easiest to start new plants in.
A large group of natural organic compounds, found in the soil, formed from the chemical and biological decomposition of plant and animal residues and from the synthetic activity of microorganisms
Consisting of or resembling a wisp; like a slender, flexible strand or bundle.
Pellets of ice made of mostly frozen raindrops or refrozen melted snowflakes.
Any projection or division, especially one of a somewhat rounded form.
Of or relating to the stomach.
The art of preparing and eating good food.
The fleshy appendage that hangs from the back of the palate, that closes the nasopharynx during swallowing.
Something that protrudes, sticks out, or sticks together; a cluster or blob; a mound or mass of no particular shape.
Staphylococcus bacteria and the infection it causes.
A professional who dispenses prescription drugs in a hospital or retail pharmacy.
The fine particles (dust) of wood created by sawing.
Grass cut and dried for use as animal fodder.
