having beautiful natural scenery.
A fortified defensive structure stationed with troops.
​the parts of a building that are made of stone.
worrying, without hope
A large barrel for the storage of liquid, especially of alcoholic drinks.
An enclosed underground space, often under a building, used for storage or shelter.
Piously self-assured and smugly moralistic.
The area bordering the sea; a coastline; a sealine.
A game similar to baseball but played with a larger and softer ball which can be thrown overhand or underhand.
The state of being superior.
to look at someone or something with a very annoyed expression.
a count for official purposes, especially one to count the number of people living in a country and to collect information about them.
A long stick with a sharp tip used as a weapon for throwing or thrusting, or anything used to make a thrusting motion.
A headfirst fall or jump.
A building (or section of a building) used to store a car or cars, tools and other miscellaneous items.
An SI unit of length equal to 10-1 metres. Symbol: dm
A unit of liquid capacity equal to two pints; one-fourth (quarter) of a gallon. Equivalent to 1.136 liters in the UK and 0.946 liter (liquid quart) or 1.101 liters (dry quart) in the U.S.
a chemical element that is an extremely valuable silver-coloured metal, used in jewellery and in industry.
a very hard yellowish-white metal.
very simple, usually small plants that grow in or near water and do not have ordinary leaves or roots.
the main substance in the cell walls of plants, also used in making paper, artificial threads and cloth, and plastics.
a chemical compound that is a type of alcohol.
a fuel that is made from living things or their waste.
caused by food contaminated with harmful microorganisms or toxic substances.
The chemical element (symbol N) with an atomic number of 7 and atomic weight of 14.0067. It is a colorless and odorless gas.
A veterinary surgeon, a veterinarian
An acute infectious disease of herbivores, especially sheep and cattle, caused by Bacillus anthracis.
A building where beer is produced.
If you express an amount per capita, you mean that amount for each person.
any of various types of beer, usually one that is dark and bitter.
Malted grain (sprouted grain) (usually barley), used in brewing and otherwise.
to heat something, especially milk, at a controlled temperature for a fixed period of time in order to kill bacteria.
A small or indistinct shaft or stream of light.
a large container used for mixing or storing liquid substances, especially in a factory.
When something begins in earnest, it has already started but is now being done in a serious and complete way.
not having a strong taste or character or not showing any interest or energys.
Land adjoining a non-flowing body of water, such as an ocean, lake or pond.
a very hard building material made by mixing together cement, sand, small stones, and water.
green plants or branches, especially when cut and used as decoration.
a soft substance that is full of small holes and can absorb a lot of liquid, and is used for washing and cleaning.
Straw, rushes, or similar, used for making or covering the roofs of buildings, or of stacks of hay or grain.
A flat piece of coarse material used for wiping one’s feet, or as a decorative or protective floor covering.
An instrument or device for domestic use, especially in the kitchen.
An unabridged book, speech, or article is in its original form and has not been made shorter.
A publication, usually in the form of a book, that provides synonyms (and sometimes antonyms) for the words of a given language.
A subject that pollutes, be it a person, company, country, factory or another subject.
An English unit of land area (symbol: a. or ac.) originally denoting a day's plowing for a yoke of oxen, now standardized as 4,840 square yards or 4,046.86 square meters.
Greatly diminished size or form; reduced scale.
used to describe an object that is much smaller than usual.
a person who believes in the ideas and principles of someone famous and tries to live the way that person does or did.
(physical) Movement; that which moves or is moved.
a small hard ball or tube-shaped piece of any substance.
Without peer or equal; unparalleled, nonpareil. Of the highest quality, best.
an edible oval nut with a hard shell, or the tree that it grows on.
a person or company that signs a contract to supply materials or workers to perform a service or a job.
The fear of closed, tight places.
Fear or dislike of the number thirteen (13).
A sensation of whirling and loss of balance, caused by looking down from a great height or by disease affecting the inner ear.
One who weaves.
A heavy woven cloth, often with decorative pictorial designs, normally hung on walls.
A long, narrow piece cut or torn off; a strip.
A spiderweb, or the remains of one, especially an asymmetrical one that is woven with an irregular pattern of threads.
A valley, especially a long, narrow, steep valley, cut in rock by a river.
A medical condition in which the capacity of the blood to transport oxygen to the tissues is reduced, either because of too few red blood cells, or because of too little hemoglobin, resulting in pallor and fatigue.
a serious disease in which too many white blood cells are produced, causing weakness and sometimes death.
An unusually high concentration of sugar in the blood
Of, or relating to the brain, cerebrum, or cerebral cortex.
A swelling of blood, usually clotted, which forms as a result of broken blood vessels.
the process by which blood changes into a solid state to form a solid seal.
A break, pause or vacation.
(until 1917) the male Russian ruler.
the area at the top of the throat that contains the vocal cords.
To make slippery or smooth (normally to minimize friction) by applying a lubricant.
A bag or pouch inside a plant or animal that typically contains a fluid.
Any of the many small fluid-filled sacs located at the point where a muscle or tendon slides across bone. These sacs serve to reduce friction between the two moving surfaces.
A person whose profession is cutting (usually male) customers' hair and beards.
A small bag usually closed with a drawstring.
A tough band of inelastic fibrous tissue that connects a muscle with its bony attachment.
A large organ in the body that stores and metabolizes nutrients, destroys toxins and produces bile. It is responsible for thousands of biochemical reactions.
of the pipes that carry air from the windpipe (= tube in the throat) to the lungs.
painful and uncomfortable because of injury, infection, or too much use.
A period of something, usually painful or unpleasant.
An acute or chronic inflammation of the lungs caused by viruses, bacteria or other microorganisms, or sometimes by physical or chemical irritants.
a long piece of wood or metal that is tied to a broken arm or leg to keep it still and in the right position.
the sloping surface of a hill, rather than the level surface at the top of it.
