The least weasel, Mustela nivalis.
Any of the medium-sized to large feliform carnivores of the subfamily Hyaeninae (genera Hyaena and Crocuta), native to Africa and Asia and noted for the sound similar to laughter which they can make if excited.
Any of several herbivorous sauropod dinosaurs, of the genus Diplodocus, known as fossils from the late Jurassic in North America.
Any of numerous small, mouselike, chiefly nocturnal, mammals of the family Soricidae (order Soricomorpha).
A pigmented spot on the skin, a naevus, slightly raised, and sometimes hairy.
A small mammal, of the family Erinaceidae or subfamily Erinaceinae (spiny hedgehog, the latter characterized by their spiny back and often by the habit of rolling up into a ball when attacked.)
Any of several animals, in suborder Vermilingua, which are noted for eating ants and termites which they catch with their long sticky tongues.
An insect of the suborder Epiprocta or, more strictly, the infraorder Anisoptera, having four long transparent wings held perpendicular to a long body when perched.
Intense dread, fright, or fear.
One who pitches anything, as hay, quoits, a ball, etc.
Any of a group of insectivorous plants in the genus Drosera that catch insects by sticky droplets ("dew") at the end of hairs on the leafs and grow in boggy ground all over the world.
(botany) A type of Eurasian plant widely cultivated for its flowers.
The plea or mode of defense under which a person on trial for a crime proves or attempts to prove being in another place when the alleged act was committed
A primary election; a preliminary election to select a political candidate of a political party.
Treasure.
(of a statement) Arousing doubt; questionable; open to suspicion.
The removal of someone from office.
To cause a quality to become part of someone's nature.
An annuity paid regularly as benefit due to a retired employee, serviceman etc. in consideration of past services, originally and chiefly by a government but also by various private pension schemes.
A person who buys and sells shares (stock) on a stock exchange on behalf of clients. May also provide investment advice and/or company information, depending on the level of service offered (or chosen by the client).
Deliberate, often calculated, disregard for trust or faith.
(chiefly passive) To cause (someone) to go insane or become deranged.
The crime of unlawfully breaking into a vehicle, house, store, or other enclosure with the intent to steal.
A building or a place where several activities occur in multiple units concurrently or different times.
In a hasty manner; quickly, hurriedly.
A sharp, hooked claw of a bird of prey or other predatory animal.
No Definitions Found
No Definitions Found
A slow or labored walk or other motion or activity.
A wheeled vehicle, generally drawn by horse power.
A meeting or gathering.
One who, or that which, goes.
The coastal land bordering a sea or an ocean.
A goalkeeper or goaltender.
A holy or sacred place dedicated to a specific deity, ancestor, hero, martyr, saint, or similar figure of awe and respect, at which said figure is venerated or worshipped.
One who travels, especially on a journey to visit sites of religious significance.
One of the long benches in a church, seating several persons, usually fixed to the floor and facing the chancel.
A wing of a building, notably in a church separated from the nave proper by piers.
The act or process of complicating.
Hard, firm; obdurate.
The top stone of an arch.
A person who is expecting to give birth.
A grouping of smaller peoples or tribes as a nation.
To keep someone from proceeding by holding them back or making claims on their attention.
To pass (time) idly.
A metal that is a combination of two or more elements, at least one of which is a metal.
One who pursues someone, especially a woman, for marriage; a wooer; one who courts someone.
To separate the threads (of); disentangle.
The act or state of deliberately not paying attention or caring about; misregard.
The act of concealing oneself and lying in wait to attack by surprise.
A group or association of cooperating members.
Someone who speaks by divine inspiration.
A part of any device that functions in or near the mouth, especially:
To shrivel, droop or dry up, especially from lack of water.
An old woman.
The act by which somebody is bewitched; a curse or enchantment.
A tall, slim post or tower, usually tapering upward, used to support, for example, the sails on a ship, flags, floodlights, meteorological instruments ,or communications equipment such as an aerial, usually supported by guy-wires.
Destiny, especially terrible.
A path for pedestrians.
Of, relating to, or containing meat.
An alluring woman who seduces or exploits men.
Indiscriminate killing or slaughter, a massacre.
