A person who carries luggage and related objects.
(travel) a trip by land between the UK and the Indian Sub-continent or Australia, or between the UK and South Africa.
A long or burdensome journey.
A state of balance, equilibrium or stability.
To comport (oneself); to behave.
A delicate and intricate ornamentation made from gold or silver (or sometimes other metal) twisted wire.
A clear, deep, red variety of corundum, valued as a precious stone.
A kind of protective charm or ornament, often bearing magical symbols, worn for protection against ill will, negative influences or evil spirits.
(usually in plural) An appendage-like structure on the outside of an insect's or other arthropod's mouth, serving to manipulate and masticate food.
A long, slender, chiefly terrestrial amphibian of the order Caudata, superficially resembling a lizard.
A fine, gentle, dispersed mist of liquid.
The act of conveying; carrying.
A panoramic image.
One who practices alchemy.
To prepare something by mixing various ingredients, especially to prepare food for cooking.
A liquid which converts lead to gold.
Tumultuous, noisy excitement.
A state of turbulent motion.
A messenger, especially one bringing important news.
A group of people crowded or gathered closely together.
A spectator; someone looks on or watches, without becoming involved or participating.
Stunningly beautiful; amazing
A being originating from outside of the Earth's atmosphere, from space, or from another planet; an alien
Exceeding the bounds of something; roving; hence, foreign.
An extravagant or eccentric piece of music, literature or drama.
The role or office of a priest.
Any of several North American aromatic shrubs of the genus Artemisia, having silvery-grey, green leaves.
A bright, sparkling light; shininess or brilliance.
Left complete or whole; not touched, defiled, sullied or otherwise damaged
A progressive decline in cognitive function due to damage or disease in the brain beyond what might be expected from normal aging. Areas particularly affected include memory, attention, judgement, language and problem solving.
A technical terminology unique to a particular subject.
Hard to see through, as a fog or mist.
A kind of milkshake made with ice cream.
A machine which translates linear motion of wind to rotational motion by means of adjustable vanes called sails.
A place where dead bodies are stored prior to burial or cremation.
An expression of grief, suffering, sadness or regret.
Inflicted by oneself.
A devotee.
The act of nourishing or the state of being nourished
The text character ’, which serves as a punctuation mark in various languages and as a diacritical mark in certain rare contexts.
A class of organic compounds having a structure of 17 carbon atoms arranged in four rings; they are lipids, and occur naturally as sterols, bile acids, adrenal and sex hormones, and some vitamins; many drugs are synthetic steroids.
Any salt or ester of nitric acid.
Any salt or ester of phosphoric acid.
A soft-bodied invertebrate of the phylum Mollusca, typically with a hard shell of one or more pieces.
That cleanses.
A burrow.
That which moistens or makes damp or wet; exuding fluid; liquid in small quantity.
A cord or tendon of the body.
Any of various land-dwelling reptiles, of the family Testudinidae or the order Testudines , whose body is enclosed in a shell (carapace plus plastron). The animal can withdraw its head and four legs partially into the shell, providing some protection from predators.
One who, or that which, dips (immerses something, or itself, into a liquid).
No Definitions Found
The highest singing voice (especially as for a boy) or part in musical composition.
A symbol found on a musical staff that indicates the pitches represented by the lines and the spaces on the staff
To possess, own.
Loss of memory; forgetfulness.
Forgetfulness; cessation of remembrance of wrong; oblivion.
An episodic comedy television program with a plot or storyline based around a particular humorous situation.
A poetic form with regular meter and a fixed rhyme scheme.
Female homosexuality; the state (of a woman) of being attracted to other women.
An act of inducting.
A statement that, when taken in context, may actually mean something different from, or the opposite of, what is written literally; the use of words expressing something other than their literal intention, often in a humorous context.
A clumsy or embarrassing mistake.
A partial covering for a floor.
An embarrassing or tactless blunder (especially used in social situations and contexts); a misstep.
The act of interrogating or questioning; examination by questions; inquiry.
A mistake or error.
The act of reproducing new individuals biologically.
