A person in the lowest and most despicable condition; a castaway; outcast.
Struck by something.
Unwilling to spend, give, or share; ungenerous; mean
Withholding for the sake of meanness; stingy, miserly.
To show mercy.
The quality of being frugal; prudent economy; thrift.
To let pass, to leave alone, to let go.
To go or move under or beneath.
A rod or staff of office, e.g. of a verger.
To make strait; to narrow or confine to a smaller space.
Directed vertically; coming straight down.
Act of expending or paying out.
Of ostentation.
The collective property and liabilities of someone, especially a deceased person.
A battlefield formation composed of two or more divisions.
The head servant or official in a royal Spanish or Italian household; later, any head servant in a wealthy household in a foreign country; a leading servant or butler.
A slick and light ship for making pleasure trips or racing on water, having sails but often motor-powered. At times used as a residence offshore on a dock.
To stitch a decorative design on fabric with needle and thread of various colours.
A pin or peg used to stop the vent in a cask.
Feeling great anger; raging; violent.
A weariness caused by exertion; exhaustion.
One who, or that which, bends.
To make dizzy or unsteady.
A poisoning, as by a spirituous or a narcotic substance.
Extreme pain.
A catapult or other kind of war-engine.
To render dull; to remove or blunt an edge or something that was sharp.
Having little or no colour.
(modal) Probably not.
To live, last or remain longer than.
To recover health and strength gradually after sickness or weakness.
Becoming putrid; putrefying.
Rotting, rotten, being in a state of putrefaction.
The state of being obsolete—no longer in use; gone into disuse; disused or neglected.
Animated, brisk motion; spirited rhythm; sprightliness.
The upward force on a body immersed or partly immersed in a fluid.
To thrust upon; to impose.
Silly, especially at an inappropriate time or in an inappropriate manner.
A derisive remark.
The state or act of contemning; the feeling or attitude of regarding someone or something as inferior, base, or worthless; scorn, disdain.
(of cloth) shabby, frayed and worn to an extent that warp threads show
Which has not been lauded or appreciated.
Often in reference to a word or phrase: used so many times that it is commonplace, or no longer interesting or effective; worn out, hackneyed.
Acute discernment or understanding; insight.
A facial expression where one slightly raises one corner of the upper lip, generally indicating scorn.
The state of being new or novel; newness.
Alleviation; abatement; check.
The condition of being prosperous, of having good fortune
An agent or drug that sedates, having a calming or soothing effect, or inducing sleep.
A tray for serving foods.
A semi-aquatic, egg-laying monotreme mammal with a bill resembling that of a duck, that has a mole-like body, a tail resembling that of a beaver, a waterproof pelt, and flat webbed feet — males have poisonous spurs on the inside of the back legs; Ornithorhynchus anatinus
The very topmost point.
Reluctant to spend money; miserly or stingy
To raise on stilts, or as if on stilts
A person who hoards money rather than spending it; one who is cheap or extremely parsimonious.
A heroic or extraordinary deed.
One with liberal views, supporting individual liberty (see Wikipedia's article on Liberalism).
Treating serious issues with (often deliberately) inappropriate humour; flippant.
Of or pertaining to praise, or the expression of praise.
