simple and severe with no comfort.
Callous and toughened by experience
determined not to complain or show your feelings, especially when something bad happens to you.
to attack a place or building by entering suddenly in great numbers.
To beset or surround with armed forces for the purpose of compelling to surrender, to lay siege to, beleaguer.
Concise and meaningful.
a long, flat, narrow surface or table in a shop, bank, restaurant, etc. at which people are served.
a person who regularly drinks too much alcohol.
The usual amount swallowed.
in an attractive, careful way, especially used about something small or having small movements.
A small, quick bite taken with the front teeth.
the thin vertical part of a glass or similar container that joins the part that holds liquid to the flat bottom part on which it stands.
A state or other armed participant in warfare
brid, silly or crazy.
(of a person) Familiar with something through repeated experience; adapted to existing conditions.
A jet-propelled airliner.
to change direction.
To cause to lose orientation or direction.
A gas or vapour/vapor that is strong-smelling or dangerous to inhale.
To attack with harsh words or violent force (also figuratively).
either of the two openings in the nose through which air moves when you breathe.
A strong unpleasant smell.
to move slowly from side to side.
a legal official who accuses someone of committing a crime, especially in a law court.
Having or revealing creative skill.
Pretentiously eloquent; highly figurative
Large and impressive, in size, scope or extent
Affectedly grand, solemn or self-important.
Offspring or descendants considered as a group.
a group of people who have the same job or interest.
modern humans considered together as a species.
A speech disorder characterised by stuttering.
The involuntary repetition of a sound in speech.
To make distinctions.
Talk, especially meaningless or unimportant talk.
The absolute or relative size, extent or importance of something.
A great amount or number, often of people; abundance, myriad, profusion.
a piece of music that is an introduction to a longer piece, especially an opera.
A handgun with a revolving chamber enabling several shots to be fired without reloading.
believing or expressing the belief that there should be great or extreme social or political change.
If a situation or story unfolds, it develops or becomes clear to other people.
A relationship of resemblance or equivalence between two situations, people, or objects, especially when used as a basis for explanation or extrapolation.
Without pause or stop; not ending, especially to the point of annoyance.
Change, from one state to another
very bright, colourful, or expensive in a way that is intended to get attention and admiration.
A young toad or frog in its larval stage of development that lives in water, has a tail and no legs, and, like a fish, breathes through gills.
