The characteristic of being humble; humbleness in character and behavior.
An area of the earth's surface between two parallels of latitude.
To give birth to a fawn.
Conveying in demeanour the assumption of superiority; disdainful, supercilious.
Lean, angular and bony
A hunting bird captured as an adult.
Black bile, formerly thought to be one of the four "cardinal humours" of animal bodies.
An act of complying.
Paleness; want of color; pallidity; wanness.
A servant, especially a domestic servant.
A person of lower stature to another
A sincere attempt; a determined or assiduous effort towards a specific goal; assiduous or persistent activity.
To constrain someone by force or by social, moral or legal means.
Useful in an inferior capacity.
A ceremonial procession, especially for a wedding or funeral or following a king.
A religious custom.
A musical instrument consisting of a body and a curved neck, strung with strings of varying length that are stroked or plucked with the fingers and are vertical to the soundboard when viewed from the end of the body
Irritable, bad-tempered, grumpy or peevish.
Childishly irritable
A feeling of contempt or scorn.
To carry over.
Full of energy; exuberant; noisy.
Evidence of a long-term debt, by which the bond issuer (the borrower) is obliged to pay interest when due, and repay the principal at maturity, as specified on the face of the bond certificate. The rights of the holder are specified in the bond indenture, which contains the legal terms and conditions under which the bond was issued. Bonds are available in two forms: registered bonds, and bearer bonds.
A house servant; a maid; a household worker.
One who does something habitually, such as a serial criminal offender.
Paying attention; noticing, watching, listening, or attending closely.
The act of progressing or proceeding.
Without planning or thinking ahead.
To cut, cut short, shorten.
Not wholesome; unfavorable to health; unhealthful.
An area near the entrance of mines which is used to load and unload coal.
To declare formally, officially or ceremoniously.
To devastate, destroy
To make worse; to make inferior in quality or value; to impair.
To destroy the morale of; to dishearten.
Disappointingly inadequate.
Drab; dark, colorless, or cheerless.
A mechanism which can be used to hold a note, as the right pedal on a piano.
A person who completely abstains from alcoholic beverages.
