To characterize as disgraceful or ignominious; to mark with a stigma or stigmata.
Showing clever resourcefulness in practical matters.
A heavy load.
Any of a number of autoimmune diseases, the most common of which is systemic lupus erythematosus.
A place or situation of chaotic uproar, and where confusion prevails.
A violent gust of wind.
An industrial heating device, e.g. for smelting metal or baking ceramics.
A device that captures sound waves onto an engraved archive; a lathe.
Any musical instrument (percussion idiophone) made of wooden slats graduated so as to make the sounds of the scale when struck with a small drumstick-like mallet; the standard Western concert xylophone or one of its derivatives.
A tool used to remove material so as to create a hole, typically by plunging a rotating cutting bit into a stationary workpiece.
The harvested seeds of various grass food crops eg: wheat, corn, barley.
Without care or making distinctions, thoughtless.
An animal or plant that has been domesticated.
A person in attendance at a royal court.
The periodic change of the sea level, particularly when caused by the gravitational influence of the sun and the moon.
An immersion in water etc.
A four-wheeled cart for hauling loads.
Division; separation, as of compound substances.
An act or instance of appropriating.
Joyful festivities, especially as a celebration.
An act of throwing, often violently.
(of people) Very high-spirited; extremely energetic and enthusiastic.
Having the characteristics of a riot
A person, thing or name typifying a certain quality or idea; an embodiment or exemplification.
Stealthy.
To represent in a physical or concrete form; to incarnate or personify.
Relating to, or characterized by, craft or skill; dexterous.
Anything that cannot be attained.
Violent, destructive and cruel.
High, lofty.
A person with long experience of a particular activity.
To be full to overflowing.
The exchange of opinions and advice especially in legal issues; consultation.
The action of entering, or going in.
Skillfulness and manual ability; adroitness or dexterity.
A collection of varying but related items.
A book with flexible binding.
A book with a solid binding.
