Soldiers who fight on foot (on land), as opposed to cavalry and other mounted units, regardless of external transport (e.g. airborne).
The exercise of sovereign power.
No Definitions Found
A trade-line on a credit report that includes negative credit history.
The leader of a work crew.
Resembling or worthy of a picture or painting; having the qualities of a picture or painting; pleasingly beautiful.
A boy or young man.
The fact or quality of having a position in space.
A fruit-bearing tree or shrub of the genus Ficus that is native mainly to the tropics.
Characterized by solemn religious ceremony or religious use, especially, in a positive sense; consecrated, made holy.
A small forest.
One who deals in goods, especially automobiles; a middleman.
An act of dodging.
A system of government-imposed duties levied on imported or exported goods; a list of such duties, or the duties themselves.
A seat, especially for one person and without armrests.
To hint; to suggest tacitly (usually something bad) while avoiding a direct statement.
A seal which can magically transform into a human by shedding its skin.
Having the qualities of gauze; light, thin, transparent, hazy.
Resembling or made of a thin film; gauzy
A long loose robe worn mainly by women for sleeping in.
Joined as allies.
Someone from the continent.
The text of a dramatic musical work, such as an opera.
Composed of large parts or particles; of inferior quality or appearance; not fine in material or close in texture.
A disorderly argument or fight, usually with a large number of people involved.
The act of venerating or the state of being venerated.
An object of ridicule, someone who is publicly ridiculed; a butt of sport.
To step or turn aside; to deviate; to swerve; especially, to turn aside from the main subject of attention, or course of argument, in writing or speaking.
A sign made without words; a beck.
Widespread devastation, destruction
A beginning; a first move.
To act as a patron of; to defend, protect, or support.
A man who is the head of a household, family or tribe.
A military clergyman
The practice of magic; hoodoo; conjuration.
The state of a glowing object.
Risky, dangerous, with the nature of a hazard.
Of, or resembling a tempest; stormy, tumultuous.
A hypocritical form of excessive piety, considered to be an affectation merely for public show.
A number, the limit of the sums computed in a process in which the domain of a function is divided into small subsets and a possibly nominal value of the function on each subset is multiplied by the measure of that subset, all these products then being summed.
The act of planning or plotting something in advance, especially a crime.
The slaying of a human being.
A nonmetallic chemical element (symbol As) with an atomic number of 33.
To yield to an overpowering force or overwhelming desire.
A comic or humorous verse, usually irregular in measure.
Egregious.
The quality of how good the reputation of something or someone is, how favourably something or someone is regarded.
