A small car, the Volkswagen Beetle (original version made 1938–2003, similar models made 1997–2010 and since 2011)
Any of many types of stinging flying insect resembling a hornet.
The region of the mammalian body between the neck and abdomen as well as the cavity containing the heart and lungs.
The fat surrounding the belly.
In an apt or suitable manner; fitly; appropriately
Either of a pair of small masses of lymphoid tissue that lie on each side of the throat and that help protect the body against infection; palatine tonsil.
The prostate gland.
A person with deviant behaviour; a deviant, degenerate or pervert.
The act or process of condensing or of being condensed
The act of abridging; reduction or deprivation
Made up of various disparate elements mixed together; of disorderly composition.
To tie; to confine by any ligature.
The art or practice of setting and arranging type; typesetting.
Of, or relating to orthopedics.
A small room, closet, or cabinet usually located in or near the kitchen, dedicated to shelf-stable food storage and/or storing kitchenware, like a larder, but smaller.
A person who is indifferent or apathetic.
To pull (something) back, aside, or away.
A feeling of enmity; ill-feeling, animosity; a transient feeling of wounded pride.
Any of several carnivorous marine cephalopod mollusks, of the order Teuthida, having a mantle, eight arms, and a pair of tentacles
Anything, as goods, etc., taken or got by violence; anything taken by force from an enemy in war
The protracted, mournful cry of a dog or a wolf, or other like sound.
(ball sports) A pass or stroke which arches high into the air.
To seize, arrest or take into custody (a criminal or fugitive).
Great fear in view of impending evil; fearful apprehension of danger; anticipatory terror.
The forms required by a good upbringing, or prescribed by authority, to be observed in social or official life; observance of the proprieties of rank and occasion; conventional decorum; ceremonial code of polite society.
Having a hardness and severity of nature or manner.
To control or keep in check.
