To knowingly say that something is smaller or less important than it actually is, especially as a way of showing contempt or deprecation.
Offensive to good taste, tactless, overzealous, excessive.
A false or unsupported, malicious statement (spoken, not written), especially one which is injurious to a person's reputation; the making of such a statement.
That which was done that should not have been, ranging from any sin or moral offense to various degrees of crime.
Too great or numerous to be computed.
to say something or to make a sound with your voice.
A professional who conducts or analyzes opinion polls.
A conclusive success following an effort, conflict, or confrontation of obstacles; victory; conquest.
Originally, a small ball placed in a container to cast a vote; now, by extension, a piece of paper or card used for this purpose, or some other means used to signify a vote.
a person who supports a particular belief or political system.
The state of being a candidate.
Easy, making few demands, comfortable.
Destiny, especially favorable.
someone who very much wants to achieve something.
a statement within an agreement or a law that a particular thing must happen or be done, especially before another can happen or be done.
used to emphasize how very great, important, or powerful a quality or feeling is; nothing except.
used to refer to food that is made light by adding the clear part of eggs that have been beaten.
delicate, as if full of air.
Consisting of flakes or of small, loose masses; lying, or cleaving off, in flakes or layers; flakelike.
the outside layer of a loaf of bread.
Of, or relating to, the sense of taste.
the feeling of excitement or nervousness that you have when you are waiting for something to happen and are uncertain about what it is going to be.
Very hungry.
To bring oneself into favour with someone by flattering or trying to please him or her.
too eager to serve and please someone else in a way that shows you do not have much respect for yourself.
to emphasize a particular feature of something or to make something more noticeable.
A baked food item made from flour and fat pastes such as pie crust; also tarts, bear claws, napoleons, puff pastries, etc.
a soft, sweet, pink or white food.
the mental and emotional condition (as of enthusiasm, confidence, or loyalty) of an individual or group with regard to the function or tasks at hand.
Yes; an answer that shows agreement or acceptance.
The act of revealing something.
used to describe a way of looking at someone in which you seem to know what they are thinking.
A person who has a neurosis
To make a pledge to (someone); to promise, guarantee (someone of something); to assure.
to try to gain.
used to refer to a belief, activity, or feeling that is kept secret from the public, usually because you are frightened of the results of it becoming known.
To steal or misappropriate money that one has been trusted with, especially to steal money from the organisation for which one works.
Widely known, especially for something negative; infamous.
to have casual or illicit sex with a person or with many people.
Something, most often a phrase or expression, that is overused or used outside its original context, so that its original impact and meaning are lost. A trite saying; a platitude.
A violation of a law, duty or commandment.
Someone who is bitter is angry and unhappy because they cannot forget bad things that happened in the past.
Charming, pleasing qualities.
To give out extremely generously; to squander.
in a way for which there is a good reason.
To empty out; to remove.
The condition quality of being frail, physically, mentally, or morally; weakness of resolution; liability to be deceived or seduced.
an amount of food given to one person at one time.
(nutrition) A sugar, starch, or cellulose that is a food source of energy for an animal or plant.
to hit someone or something forcefully with the flat inside part of your hand.
The act of provoking, inciting or annoying someone into doing something
Emotionally hardened; unfeeling and indifferent to the suffering/feelings of others.
The single sheet of paper that forms the middle two pages of a magazine or other publication.
Something pleasing; anything that is agreeable.
