An ironworker.
In prompt manner; both soon and quickly.
The act of boycotting.
A hairstyle characterized by deep waves made by a curling iron.
An illustrated outline filled in with a solid color(s), usually only black, and intended to represent the shape of an object without revealing any other visual details; a similar appearance produced when the object being viewed is situated in relative darkness with brighter lighting behind it; a profile portrait in black, such as a shadow appears to be.
A device that is used for lifting and moving large objects.
A hoisting device, such as pulley or crane.
A woman, specifically one with great control, authority or ownership
One who derives pleasure through cruelty or pain to others.
A small straight knife with a very sharp blade used for surgery, dissection and craftwork.
An intense, paroxysmal, involuntary muscular contraction.
The chemical generation of electricity.
An individual instance that represents a class; an example.
A tiny freshwater fish, Poecilia reticulata, popular in home aquariums, that usually has a plain body and black or dark blue tail for the females and a more colorful tail for the males.
A stabbing weapon, similar to a sword but with a short, double-edged blade.
The protruding part of an animal's head which includes the nose, mouth and jaws; the snout
A pointed instrument of the dagger kind fitted on the muzzle of a musket or rifle, so as to give the soldier increased means of offence and defence. Originally, the bayonet was made with a handle, which needed to be fitted into the bore of the musket after the soldier had fired.
Sweet and pleasant; delicious.
A melon of species Cucumis melo subsp. melo with sweet orange flesh, with numerous cultivars in several cultivar groups.
Gossypium, a genus of plant used as a source of cotton fiber.
A kind of rough cloth made from unbleached and not fully processed cotton, often printed with a bright pattern.
One who wanders, who travels aimlessly.
An ornate silk fabric originating from Damascus.
A town or harbour with facilities for seagoing ships to dock and take on or discharge cargo.
A cloth woven from silk, nylon or polyester with a glossy surface and a dull back. (The same weaving technique applied to cotton produces cloth termed sateen).
A citizen of a borough or town, especially one belonging to the middle class.
Delicacies; exotic or expensive foods.
A moist sausage of soft, even texture and flavor, often made from mechanically recovered meat or meat slurry.
