One who exercises discipline.
A sycophant who flatters others to gain personal advantage or an obsequious lackey or minion
No Definitions Found
(obsolescent) Something that provokes an appetite, especially a sexual appetite; an aphrodisiac.
An irrational, abnormal, or obsessive fear (of something).
The quality of being obedient.
Argumentative; fond of or prone to quarreling.
To satisfy, carry out, bring to completion (an obligation, a requirement, etc.).
An opening through which gases, especially air, can pass.
To boil.
Anything arbitrary, such as an arithmetical value or a fee.
Of, or relating to tyranny or a tyrant.
The act of deviating; wandering off the correct or true path or road
Caterer
A warden; a guard; a guardian or watchman.
A gamecock that strikes well with its heels or spurs.
To grow plants, notably crops
Suitable for some particular purpose.
(chiefly in plural) A surface detail.
An ancient military weapon, an axe designed for combat.
Of or pertaining to a shrew (a nagging, ill-tempered woman).
A dockworker involved in loading and unloading cargo, or in supervising such work.
A woman who sells or works with fish; a female fishmonger.
The total distance travelled in miles or in air miles.
The relationship resulting from affiliating one thing with another.
A person who is zealously enthusiastic for some cause, especially in religion.
The fervour or tireless devotion for a person, cause, or ideal and determination in its furtherance; diligent enthusiasm; powerful interest.
Something that distracts.
A revers
A belief or beliefs, not based on human reason or scientific knowledge, that events may be influenced by one's behaviour in some magical or mystical way.
A set of principles of right and wrong behaviour guiding, or representative of, a specific culture, society, group, or individual.
To move.
A pampered or coddled person.
About to happen, occur, or take place very soon, especially of something which won't last long.
To erase (as anything impressed or inscribed upon a surface); to render illegible or indiscernible.
Derision; ridicule; a derisive or mocking expression of scorn, contempt, or reproach.
