An actual instance when a situation occurs; an event or happening.
A garden tool with a handle and a flat blade for digging. Not to be confused with a shovel which is used for moving earth or other materials.
Sharp, good-humoured, playful, typically spontaneous conversation.
To make uninteresting or trite by frequent use.
Warning of bad consequences: ill-boding; portentous.
Having or revealing little emotion or sensibility; dully or heavily stupid.
A place of safety.
A dilapidated neighborhood where many people live in a state of poverty.
Very dry.
A slight coloring.
An exciting or extraordinary scene, exhibition, performance etc.
Someone or thing who lives in a place.
(heading, physical) To move or be moved into something.
Any one of various common types of small insects or animals which cause harm and annoyance.
A mammal of the order Rodentia, characterized by long incisors that grow continuously and are worn down by gnawing.
A modest, small, or trifling amount.
(of goods) Not new; previously owned and used by another.
A crazed Norse warrior who fought in a frenzy; a berserker.
Having great diversity or variety; of various kinds; made up of many differing parts; manifold.
A branching-out, the act or result of developing branches; specifically the divergence of the stem and limbs of a plant into smaller ones, or of similar developments in blood vessels, anatomical structures etc.
A gullible person; someone easily fooled or tricked.
Violent uncontrolled anger.
An opinion, belief, or principle that is held as absolute truth by someone or especially an organization.
The process of removing or ejecting material that has no further utility, especially from the body; the act of excreting.
A roundabout or indirect way of speaking; the use of more words than necessary to express an idea.
Accordance with moral principles; conformity of behaviour or thought with the strictures of morality; good moral conduct.
Soiled, dirty.
A brothel.
A house of prostitution.
A brothel
The living room of a house, or a room for entertaining guests; a room for talking; a sitting-room or drawing room
(chiefly humorous) bottom, bum
To bring up to maturity, as offspring; to educate; to instruct; to foster.
(somewhat obsolete) The breast or chest of a human (or sometimes of another animal).
The fine particles which are the result of reducing dry substance by pounding, grinding, or triturating, or the result of decay; dust.
A vessel or fixture for washing, particularly:
To move silently, stealthily, or furtively.
A place where waste or garbage is left; a ground or place for dumping ashes, refuse, etc.; a disposal site.
A location or restaurant where good eating can be expected.
The portion of food which is brought back into the mouth by ruminating animals from their first stomach, to be chewed a second time.
One who has a phlegmatic disposition.
A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.
To make cold, to sharpen.
(of persons) Of the same kin; related by blood.
A feeling of illness or discomfort in the digestive system, usually characterized by a strong urge to vomit.
The act of remembering; a holding in mind, or bringing to mind; recollection.
Not in harmony or accord
A short, high-pitched sound, as of two objects rubbing together, or the calls of small animals.
A loud sound.
A prickling or mildly stinging sensation.
To survive on a minimum of resources.
A particular edible plant, Spinacia oleracea, or its leaves.
Any of several cereal grains, of the genus Triticum, that yields flour as used in bakery.
Aromatic or pungent plant matter (usually dried) used to season or flavour food.
That which clothes, covers, conceals, or protects; a garment.
Any substance or drug that reduces pain, induces sleep and may alter mood or behaviour; in some contexts, especially in reference to the opiates-and-opioids class, especially in reference to illegal drugs, and often both.
(classicism) A common, ordinary person.
Frivolous act
One who watches an event; especially, one held outdoors.
